Tim Sackton: We pick up
Tim Sackton: it should actually change this. Let's do.
Tim Sackton: Let's do
Tim Sackton: the storm
Tim Sackton: we pick up.
Tim Sackton: As
Tim Sackton: is that okay for the music volume.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. So
Tim Sackton: we pick up as the
Tim Sackton: damaged and then repaired folding boat
Tim Sackton: crewed by Milo and Tilly.
Tim Sackton: And they're
Tim Sackton: halfling. Sellers
Tim Sackton: emerges out of the storm
Tim Sackton: to find Vindisharna waiting, hovering above
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the churning sea.
Tim Sackton: and you can see as you
Tim Sackton: fly or
Tim Sackton: animate the boat and
Tim Sackton: have it fly, or
Tim Sackton: however you choose to reach the deck of Vendrasharna.
Tim Sackton: the crew
Tim Sackton: having watched you emerge from the storm as gathered in waiting.
Tim Sackton: looming over the water.
Tim Sackton: You don't see Faldrick. He is presumably at the helm, but as you land you see him emerging quickly.
Tim Sackton: And Rizwin
Tim Sackton: returned with Kathra standing waiting for you, Rizwin. You see, you haven't been here before, but there is a
Tim Sackton: massive
Tim Sackton: storm that just emerges out of the calm sea, clearly supernatural in origin.
Tim Sackton: which Faldrick explained to you when you arrived yesterday evening.
Tim Sackton: The rest of the party
Tim Sackton: In his words
Tim Sackton: daringly and perhaps foolheartedly
Tim Sackton: sailed straight into
Tim Sackton: it dispel, it is impenetrable to magic. So the ship could not fly in.
Tim Sackton: although he has been scheming for various ways, for when they need rescuing. I have to be prepared.
Tim Sackton: But fortunately
Tim Sackton: that has not turned out to be necessary.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else the rest of the crew
Tim Sackton: is.
Tim Sackton: I can close that
Tim Sackton: is is sort of emerges onto the deck slowly in the afternoon sun as the folding boat lands, and
Tim Sackton: Milo and Tilly disembark with the rest of the party.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: and this is now this is, let's say it's around one Pm. Or so late, after just after lunch, mid afternoon in the tropics
Tim Sackton: other than the strange magical storm. A warm, humid day,
Tim Sackton: thunderclouds forming on the horizon
Tim Sackton: for the
Tim Sackton: frequent afternoon rainstorms that often pass through
Tim Sackton: around, 2 or 3 heading for land.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: rest of the
Tim Sackton: the rest of the ocean stretching so you can see the coast maybe 60 miles off, 50 miles off, not not super far. It's not an incredibly long journey to reach the coast.
Tim Sackton: and it's this line of trees and jungle, and you can see the mouth of a river.
Tim Sackton: That is
Tim Sackton: presumably the river on which Drankor sits
Tim Sackton: further inland.
Tim Sackton: So, before
Tim Sackton: reintroducing and describing your motley crew, why don't everybody to just get us back into the mood. Describe your character
Tim Sackton: as you emerge from your adventures on the circular island.
Tim Sackton: Anybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thinking about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to remember
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Eric Rosenbaum: what we're just coming off of, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Welby has
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a big grin. This this was a great, this has been like a great week for him
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): failed through a giant magical storm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): killed a dragon like life is good for Welby he's wearing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is cancu
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): set of leather armor unglamoured. So it's just the armor itself. With all these designs and motifs of flying cancu, and all sorts of birds all over it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a broad brimmed hat to keep the sun out
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and barefoot. No, no! Wearing the boots of speed, I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and happy to be back aboard Vendra Sharna again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I think Dallas is.
Mike Sackton: I think he's probably more in a grimmer mood than will be
Mike Sackton: it.
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: time on the island
Mike Sackton: was.
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah, we we killed a dragon and
Mike Sackton: bound the cloud spinner and
Mike Sackton: understood some stuff. But
Mike Sackton: I think there's this sense of like.
Mike Sackton: it's a
Mike Sackton: the whole thing is kind of
Mike Sackton: a lost time that's gone right.
Mike Sackton: You know. It used to be that elves were a bigger
Mike Sackton: part of the world, and had this whole interaction with humanity, and
Mike Sackton: were integrated into
Mike Sackton: the sort of empire. And I know there's a sense of like
Mike Sackton: seeing a
Mike Sackton: time that
Mike Sackton: he almost would have rather like a you know, a golden age from his perspective, and it's all kind of
Mike Sackton: fallen apart a bit, or quite a long time ago fell apart.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: then just
Mike Sackton: thinking ahead to the it's almost like
Mike Sackton: that was a warm-up.
Mike Sackton: So I think he's in sort of a serious and bit grim mood. Probably.
Mike Sackton: you know, glad to be back on Vindersharna, but like in preparations right like
Mike Sackton: taking out his sword and sort of cleaning all the demon blood off, and I guess it cleans itself. But, like.
Mike Sackton: you know, preparing kind of
Mike Sackton: going through sort of quartermastery things, and just sort of
Mike Sackton: little restless.
Mike Sackton: but feeling very like preparing for a storm to come.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker seems
Eric Rosenbaum: tired.
Eric Rosenbaum: The adventure
Eric Rosenbaum: was
Eric Rosenbaum: intense and wore us all down.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you can. You can see that in Seeker's bearing what you can also see is that he is in another place. He, normally so sharply attentive and focused on practical matters at hand, is now
Eric Rosenbaum: noticeably
Eric Rosenbaum: imagining other times and places, thinking about
Eric Rosenbaum: the time when the circular island walked on its gigantic feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: the times when
Eric Rosenbaum: mountains rose and fell. All at once the
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: era of Drankor's rise and fall.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a lot to contemplate now, as we walk into a new situation with a lot of history behind it that we don't fully understand.
Eric Rosenbaum: much less its connection to the dynamics of colliding planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's where Seeker is.
Kate Sackton: This one is radiating with the competence of having
Kate Sackton: been working very closely with her gods in her home space.
Kate Sackton: but
Kate Sackton: sort of
Kate Sackton: haunted by the darkness that she was facing, and the
Kate Sackton: situation where she needed to draw on that power
Kate Sackton: And thinking, you know.
Kate Sackton: that she doesn't know what
Kate Sackton: has gone on with everyone else, and how things are going to unfold with.
Kate Sackton: I'm a polyon, and next steps. But
Kate Sackton: has that peaceful quiet that
Kate Sackton: she can
Kate Sackton: rests in her
Kate Sackton: in her chapel at Vidrasharna.
Kate Sackton: Get ready.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as you return
Tim Sackton: your crew all sort of gathered on the deck, having clearly been sort of nervous and
Tim Sackton: worried about.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: are sort of worried about like well.
Tim Sackton: was going to happen, although Faldrick, of course, is like.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, we totally could have rescued them.
Tim Sackton: on all the
Tim Sackton: The young Dunmari monk is, you know, eager and curious and excited to hear what you found, and
Tim Sackton: in his, you know, with his big smile and sort of getting getting better constantly, sort of going through his forms, as Kenzo has taught him.
Tim Sackton: The Orc twin sisters, Eigol and
Tim Sackton: Newsgar.
Tim Sackton: I go was killed and resurrected only
Tim Sackton: a week ago now, and it's still struggling to come back from
Tim Sackton: that and still looks a little bit pale. But
Tim Sackton: of course newsgar has.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you know, surmised where you are and can't resist her sort of. She's the one who pieced together all of the notes and maps of
Tim Sackton: Drancor that you found in the
Tim Sackton: chewed up archives of Carson, when you randomly decide to stop there for no reason at all, and it turned out to be useful.
Tim Sackton: I can't help but sort of glance she's clearly been thinking about Drankar
Tim Sackton: yo to have the Denakai
Tim Sackton: She's
Tim Sackton: been through a
Tim Sackton: lot, I mean. She's also was killed by seeker seekers. Doppelganger
Tim Sackton: And she looks nervous by seeker, of course.
Tim Sackton: She looks nervous. She's
Tim Sackton: she feels the gods are themselves nervous and glances it dealt with a lot like, Are you feeling this, too.
Tim Sackton: Catherine, who's returned with Riswin, is in her armor? Carrying a new gleaming sword like just every every time she's like she was amazing like, have you seen her cast
Tim Sackton: heal? Have you seen like that? Warhammer can't stop talking about how amazing it was to be on an actual adventure with Rizwan. She's clearly gained a few levels herself. Agnar, the elf, is always
Tim Sackton: shy and a bit reserved and
Tim Sackton: quiet.
Tim Sackton: But you can see while you've been gone he's been
Tim Sackton: working. He's been
Tim Sackton: weaving a tapestry, turning some of Kenzo's stories into wall hangings for the dining hall for the
Tim Sackton: around Vendorsharna, in addition to tending the giant tree that grows from the middle of Wintersharna.
Tim Sackton: and as you and Milo and Tilly, of course, are quite pleased to have helped to kill a dragon and talking about where to go next. You know, talking to their crew. Having discussed that they are hoping to
Tim Sackton: once they drop you off and get settled, and as you turn to your next mission
Tim Sackton: to take a folding boat and sail.
Tim Sackton: They're not quite sure where yet, but south somewhere.
Tim Sackton: but of course, having returned with a portable hole
Tim Sackton: incredibly full of treasure, including quite a lot of magic. The 1st thing you have to do
Tim Sackton: is empty out the portable hole.
Tim Sackton: and as you do,
Tim Sackton: the biggest and most obvious thing
Tim Sackton: that comes out is this massive
Tim Sackton: stone crystal block.
Tim Sackton: filling like a large
Tim Sackton: fraction of the portable hole, semi-translucent, smoky.
Tim Sackton: encased within you can see
Tim Sackton: the naked body of the cloud spinner
Tim Sackton: breathing, but clearly, in some kind of
Tim Sackton: suspended state.
Tim Sackton: a problem to be solved. Perhaps when you have more time.
Tim Sackton: the Orcs, of course, are like
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: blown away by this, seeing as she is the one who initially broke their ties to Thark and freed the people of the rainbow in the beginning, and
Tim Sackton: Newsguar swears it will be her mission now to find
Tim Sackton: how to free her from this entrapment.
Tim Sackton: Thousands upon thousands of rings
Tim Sackton: almost. So I asked, Chat Gpt, here's the list of treasure
Tim Sackton: the party wants to leave behind a like mix of stuff, but take everything that has gems.
Tim Sackton: because you really mostly care about diamonds and rubies.
Tim Sackton: and take the things that have the most.
Tim Sackton: the highest value.
Tim Sackton: and have the best
Tim Sackton: gold to volume ratio.
Tim Sackton: So you leave behind all the like crystal and the like. You know, silver platters and things that are big.
Tim Sackton: almost 500,000 coins, mostly silver.
Tim Sackton: 14,000 rings, mostly relatively plain, but still worth probably like one to 2 gold each.
Tim Sackton: A few 1,000 of which are more elaborate gold engraved, decorated with gemstones,
Tim Sackton: about 5,000 earrings, including a few that contained diamonds and rubies that you could disentangle to recover some gems from magic.
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: 2,500 necklaces.
Tim Sackton: Again, including a few with
Tim Sackton: with gem, with potentially useful gemstones for magic.
Tim Sackton: Only a handful of the most elaborate and well crafted hairpins and combs, having left most of the 5,000
Tim Sackton: hair pieces of various kinds behind for the dragon nets to play with.
Tim Sackton: and also only a few of the belt, buckles, fasteners, brooches, cloak pins.
Tim Sackton: primarily only the ones containing gems, again, a few with rubies and diamonds.
Tim Sackton: 500 gold and crystal items,
Tim Sackton: Leaving behind most of the Planar.
Tim Sackton: silver ewers and pictures, and silverware and cutlery, and plates and serving dishes.
Tim Sackton: About a thousand
Tim Sackton: bracelets, amulets, torques, mostly gold again, leaving behind most of the
Tim Sackton: bronze, copper, brass, and silver items.
Tim Sackton: a handful of luxury weapons, mostly the ones that have
Tim Sackton: gems in their hilts that could potentially be recovered to use for magic.
Tim Sackton: Filling a total of about
Tim Sackton: maybe 10,000 gold in rubies, 10,000 gold and diamonds.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: 300 and
Tim Sackton: 90,000 gold and other stuff, although who knows? Like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you couldn't sell this all anywhere it would. There wouldn't be any buyers, but you could melt a lot of it down if you wanted to, just for the metal value. It's enough wealth that
Tim Sackton: there's, you know.
Tim Sackton: this is this is more wealth than anybody has ever seen anywhere in their life. Right like this is the entire all of the gold that existed in a
Tim Sackton: medium-sized, drankorian city.
Tim Sackton: It's a
Tim Sackton: although it's not actually that huge a pile, right? It's only, you know.
Tim Sackton: it fits sort of in a smallish pile on the deck of vendors, and eventually it all gets stored away in the storeroom. There are also
Tim Sackton: 132 small metal bars taken from the forge in Apollyon's Tower.
Tim Sackton: each one roughly 8 inches long, 4 inches wide and 4 inches tall, and labeled in small cramped, drankorian writing
Tim Sackton: 2 thirds of them or so are
Tim Sackton: non-magical. There are things like iron and steel and silver and
Tim Sackton: electrum and tin and brass and zinc and stranger things like
Tim Sackton: tungsten and manganese.
Tim Sackton: 47 of them are things that you mostly don't recognize, some Mithril, some Chalite.
Tim Sackton: And then there's a bunch that are labeled like weird things like vulcanite, ethereum.
Tim Sackton: kupralith.
Tim Sackton: lumentium.
Tim Sackton: star, iron face, steel nocturnium.
Tim Sackton: just like random medals.
Tim Sackton: all from the forge.
Tim Sackton: all like there'll be a list of all of this in on
Tim Sackton: the party treasure at some point.
Tim Sackton: Then, of course, the collection of little boxes
Tim Sackton: with various kinds of fine patterns, each marked with a magical rune, representing a word or phrase also from
Tim Sackton: the forge.
Kate Sackton: Oh, my God!
Kate Sackton: This
Kate Sackton: alright.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: 56,
Tim Sackton: no, 60,
Tim Sackton: 68 magic items.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: The majority of them were not kept in the like. In the Dragon, in Ragemdros's horde there were 12 items that were kept in this
Tim Sackton: like special
Tim Sackton: display.
Tim Sackton: right? Like it's laid out like a museum. Right?
Tim Sackton: the other 56 magic items are generally basically just scattered around the common items, the horn not really separated, particularly from standard items of their type.
Tim Sackton: and includes 6 swords, 3 daggers, one halberd, one great axe, one maul, 2 spears, 3 shields.
Tim Sackton: 6, 5 necklaces, 2 holy symbols of the sibyl, one holy symbol of the wildling.
Tim Sackton: 15 rings, 7 candlesticks, 9
Tim Sackton: goblets serving platters, and pitchers
Tim Sackton: just like a random mix of stuff
Tim Sackton: match.
Kate Sackton: Serving, where.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So most of them, as Riswin begins to like, identify all of this crazy stuff you brought back.
Tim Sackton: most of them are like seem like sort of simple, common household enchantments. There's 2
Tim Sackton: pictures that turn water into wine.
Tim Sackton: one ewer that can fill itself with water 3 times per day.
Tim Sackton: 2 serving platters that let you season the food that you serve on them. However, you wish
Tim Sackton: 3 goblets that
Tim Sackton: remove poison or corruption from water.
Tim Sackton: one serving platter that lets you create food once a day.
Tim Sackton: The candlesticks are mostly candlesticks that
Tim Sackton: let you cast the light cramp at will, targeting the candlestick only
Tim Sackton: but there's 3 that serve as lanterns of detection, one allowing you to detect fey one. Fiends and one elementals.
Tim Sackton: The weapons are almost entirely just plus one weapons, although 2 of them are
Tim Sackton: just moon touch they. You can make them glow.
Tim Sackton: The rings are mostly things that let you do things like. There's 6 rings that let you cast prestigitation, prestigitation once a day.
Tim Sackton: There's 1 ring that functions as the pearl of power.
Tim Sackton: 2, Matt, that are match. Set that function as sending stones. So if you're out wearing one, you can talk to.
Mike Sackton: That's useful.
Tim Sackton: Is wearing the other.
Mike Sackton: We could use some more sending stones.
Tim Sackton: to that. Let you cast mending once a day to that. Let you cast guidance.
Tim Sackton: one only if you're using the survival skill one. Only if you're using the acrobatic skill.
Tim Sackton: it's a bunch of stuff like this.
Tim Sackton: I'll I'll post the link and you can, and you can decide what if anything, you want to?
Tim Sackton: Keep among that?
Tim Sackton: The rarer items, however, are much more interesting. These are all the things that were
Tim Sackton: stored
Tim Sackton: separately in rag hemdros's horde.
Tim Sackton: There's a small silvery jewelry box decorated with a poem about
Tim Sackton: farseeing and drankorian
Tim Sackton: inside there's 5 large. This you already identified. There's 5 large pearls, each painted to resemble an eye. I mean, these are eyes of far seeing. You can put one into an object you left one behind on
Tim Sackton: Dimitar's thrown.
Tim Sackton: and it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Tim Sackton: For us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their own.
Tim Sackton: Each each each stone when you install it.
Tim Sackton: There's a command word, and there's a small mirror on the inside of the box, and you can speak the command word, and whatever is being seen to the stone appears on the mirror on the inside of the box.
Tim Sackton: You can also once a day, as an action.
Tim Sackton: speak and hear from the eye.
Tim Sackton: So it's continual seeing anytime you want to look once a day. Communication.
Tim Sackton: There is a fine gold chain necklace, from which 8 perfect rubies hang on thin golden threads.
Tim Sackton: which is the necklace of fireballs. You have been waiting for for a long, long time.
Tim Sackton: But it's not. It doesn't recharge. It gives you 8 fireballs that you can use right.
Kate Sackton: Glorious.
Tim Sackton: There are 3 potions.
Tim Sackton: One is in a crystal vial, a syrupy liquid that looks like liquefied iron
Tim Sackton: which Riswin identifies as a potion of invulnerability.
Tim Sackton: For 1 min after you drink the potion, you have resistance to all damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So half damage
Tim Sackton: from any source of damage for 1 min.
Tim Sackton: There is a small silver vial etched with the name sarandres in Draconic, and the words Ingratitude.
Tim Sackton: The liquid inside is pure and clear almost to the point of being invisible, with a single metallic silver scale
Tim Sackton: floating inside.
Tim Sackton: This is a potion of dragon's majesty.
Tim Sackton: When you drink the potion, you transform into an adult silver dragon.
Tim Sackton: For 1 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Mike Sackton: That sounds powerful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we give that to the latter.
Tim Sackton: The latter cannot drink. Unfortunately.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love this idea.
Tim Sackton: But that is, that is really good thinking.
Kate Sackton: Is the Silver Dragon?
Kate Sackton: Did you meet some silver dragons? You talked some silver dragons? No.
Mike Sackton: No, no! We we killed a peikong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's up? How you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Joining you from stormy Iowa?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Here. And I, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you is? Did you give your talk already.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did. I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns out, Iowa's pretty fucking awesome
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I had such like low expectations. I thought it was, gonna be, you know, this, like very white, like, you know, whatever like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: backwards place. And it's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the engine. So Iowa state, it's like a primarily an engineering school.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, they have this like 85 million dollars, like new facility that is like nicer like by a lot than anything I've seen at Mit. I was like fuck, you know, like it's it's crazy like I was. I'm so impressed about this place, and it's like hyper, diverse, too, which I was not expecting at all like half the plane flying to Iowa for Des Moines is like Asian people. I'm like, where the fuck are you people going like? Who are? Where? Where are you going in Des Moines? I don't know. So anyways.
Tim Sackton: The University of Iowa, probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know doing other other members minority things I don't know, but it was like like, so not white or backwards. I was very. I've been very, very.
Eric Rosenbaum: You gave a talk like the previous day in
Eric Rosenbaum: Austria, or something. No Switzerland.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I was supposed to do like 2 talks back to back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. But then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I was doing this thing in Geneva. I like flew from Iowa straight to Geneva. But then I'm going, you know my my Jen, her, her best friend, died of brain cancer. So I'm like flying to La for the funeral like tomorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I'm like stopping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So anyway, it's like I broke up the trip into 2 things. So I'm like I got to travel to Iowa twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which is, I'm like.
Eric Rosenbaum: T.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Super
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: super stoked. I got some like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Iowa ice cream, some swag. Anyways. I'm all about it, Schwartz, midwest. I get it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's an argument to be made that Ames is not exactly Iowa.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a good spot. I'm glad you're having a good experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you been Thames?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've been through Des Moines, and I've been in like bits and pieces of Iowa, but I haven't spent real time there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Des Moines also was like like the airport was. It's so much nicer than Logan. It's like a brand new like really nice airport. I was like the fuck, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways, but I was I was at. I was surprised.
Mike Sackton: Was in Iowa 20 years ago, campaigning for Dean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Mike Sackton: It was very white and very I mean it did not strike me as an interesting place, remotely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was totally prepared for it to be hyper white, and like, you know, not interesting. But it's like, yeah, very robust expectations isn't great. Anyways, we're in a giant ocean. What's going on.
Mike Sackton: We're.
Tim Sackton: We're going through our.
Mike Sackton: Treasure, hunt.
Tim Sackton: Buying the magic items from
Tim Sackton: from the Dragon's Treasure Board.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where we oh, go ahead!
Tim Sackton: Oh, before? Well, no, let's let's do the magic items. And then let's do the video.
Tim Sackton: Or you want to do this right now.
Tim Sackton: let's finish doing the magic items because he's right in the middle of that. So so far we've got
Tim Sackton: the eyes of far-seeing. We've got a necklace of fireballs, finally.
Tim Sackton: a potion of invulnerability that if you drink it you take half damage from all damage for 1 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Need it.
Tim Sackton: A potion of
Tim Sackton: dragon's majesty that lets you turn into an adult silver dragon for 1 h.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Glorious, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is going to be the one to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You. It's 2, 30.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever.
Mike Sackton: When it was about
Mike Sackton: one of our hirelings. Yeah, because, faldrich, doesn't he want to be a silver dragon, or you know, one of the Orcs, or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if you polymorph the ladder into something that can drink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a holiday.
Tim Sackton: Work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Truly loyal, yes.
Tim Sackton: The latter would be like so excited to be a silver dragon
Tim Sackton: like I can't even begin to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Except.
Tim Sackton: Like you think
Tim Sackton: you know as big now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yo. Can you imagine.
Tim Sackton: Until it's a silver dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you imagine, at the end of this campaign, when the latter is able to become permanently a silver dragon? And it's just got this whole, you know, and then there's like that backstory that maybe once upon a time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it was a ladder. That can't be true when I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: The AI driven feature length movie of Telgar. It'll actually just be from the latter's perspective like, that's the real inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it does, and it never knows that it's a ladder like until
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fucked up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The deep lore that all dragons and Talgar once were.
Tim Sackton: One that matters.
Mike Sackton: Or or just at least household objects of some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Ladder, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That generate.
Mike Sackton: Cables.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God! Ultimate clockwise.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So the next potion is a round glass vial filled with a bubbling, reddish purple liquid, which gives you a feeling of holiness when you're close to it.
Tim Sackton: This is a potion of bottled knowledge.
Tim Sackton: If you drink the potion, you permanently gain proficiency in the religion scale
Tim Sackton: cool.
Tim Sackton: There is a box, made of a strange shimmering wood that seems to glow faintly and is hard to look away from.
Tim Sackton: Inside is a pinch of fine powder, multi-hued and mesmerizing.
Tim Sackton: This is dust of glibness.
Tim Sackton: When you sprinkle this on yourself for the next hour
Tim Sackton: Anytime you make a charisma check. You can replace the number you roll with a 15,
Tim Sackton: no matter what you say. Magic that would determine if you're telling the truth indicates that you're being truthful, and you can
Tim Sackton: as a bonus action anytime during that hour, cast the enthrall spell without requiring concentration.
Tim Sackton: There's a great sword of fine make, apparently stone board smithing with a hilt
Tim Sackton: decorated with mountain motifs. This is a frost brand, great sword. It's basically a flame tongue, but it does frost damage.
Tim Sackton: There is a small sculpted figure of a triceratops made from a reddish gemstone.
Tim Sackton: This is a
Tim Sackton: figurine of wondrous power that turns into a triceratops.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
Tim Sackton: Here is
Tim Sackton: there is what it is.
Tim Sackton: It's for 6 h. Once it's been used, it can't be used until 10 days have passed.
Tim Sackton: There is a short bow
Tim Sackton: made of an unusual ebony wood that seems to faintly vibrate with excitement.
Tim Sackton: This is a wayfarer's bow
Tim Sackton: when you're attuned to the bow. It functions as a plus 2 magic weapon, and can grow or shrink to become either a long bow or a short bow.
Tim Sackton: It can create its own ammunition.
Tim Sackton: While you're tuned, you gain the following minor abilities, you always know which direction is north, and you can ignore the effects of
Tim Sackton: difficult tree, natural, difficult trains, and not like spells, but undergrowth, rubble, snow, steep slopes, that sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: and then once a day you can summon one of 3 special arrows. Each arrow can only be created once
Tim Sackton: an arrow seeking, when you fire the arrow, you speak the name, or describe a target that is not behind total cover and is within 400 feet of you. You make an attack, roll against the target.
Tim Sackton: ignoring the range of your weapon, ignoring cover, and when the plus 20 to hit instead of your normal bonus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: An arrow of discovery you fired into the air, and as you do, you choose to, you can describe a location which you must
Tim Sackton: be able to describe, but it doesn't have to be somewhere you've been to before, so if you've scried it, or you have a description of it, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: It can't be on another plane of existence, or moving or something generic.
Tim Sackton: The arrow flies to the location you described, passing through any obstacles and leaving behind a glowing trail that only you can perceive which marks the most direct path to that location.
Tim Sackton: The trail fades after.
Mike Sackton: Does it?
Tim Sackton: Hours.
Mike Sackton: Count if we saw it in the mirror of the past.
Tim Sackton: Yep, as long as you can describe it.
Mike Sackton: So we can find the polyons
Mike Sackton: black tree with that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Tim Sackton: It can't be an object. It has to be a location.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't work if it. If the destination is on a different plane of existence from you.
Tim Sackton: moving so like an item, or Vendrasharna, or something, or generic, like a dragon. But anything that you can scry you can find a path to anything that you can find a description of. You can find a path to.
Tim Sackton: or an arrow of lightning. When you fire the arrow it turns into a bolt of lightning.
Tim Sackton: Forming a line 5 feet wide and extending from you to the target. Each creature in the line makes a dexterity saving throw, taking 46 lightning damage on a failure, half on success
Tim Sackton: turns back into it
Tim Sackton: arrow. When it reaches the target you make a normal attack roll. If it hits
Tim Sackton: the target. In addition to the normal weapon damage takes 46 lightning damage.
Tim Sackton: There is a plain silver ring.
Tim Sackton: unadorned and unmarked, but with a bright, reflective shine. This is a ring of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: It functions as a ring of water walking, and also grants you the following abilities
Tim Sackton: as an action, you can change the condition of the sea within one mile of you, either creating strong winds, rain storms, or calming a storm.
Tim Sackton: This effect lasts for 1 h.
Tim Sackton: and can be used once a day, or as an action. You can target a willing creature and cast polymorph on them
Tim Sackton: when you cast it this way. The forms are not limited to beasts, but they must have a swim speed.
Tim Sackton: Billy is kind of eyeing that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not limited to beasts. What does that mean?
Tim Sackton: So you can transform them into any creature that has a swim. Speed polymorph. Normally, you can only transform into beasts.
Tim Sackton: There is a wand. It's handle wrapped in soft leather, made of dark metal, with streaks of silver and gray iridescence. This is a wand of the plains.
Tim Sackton: It has 7 charges.
Tim Sackton: Using the wand, you can cast plane, shift 7 charges, banishment 3 charges, or blink 2 charges. It regains one d. 6 charges each day at dawn.
Tim Sackton: You can also use the wand to attempt to slice between planes. If you do so.
Tim Sackton: you choose a plane for which you have an item that has some planar resonance to that plane. You perform a 1 h ritual where you carefully use the wand to spool planar energy into the item
Tim Sackton: at the end of the ritual, the wand and the item are destroyed, and you make a DC 30 arcana check.
Tim Sackton: If you succeed, you open a permanent portal
Tim Sackton: to a location you describe on the plane that you target.
Tim Sackton: If you fail by 5 or less, you open a permanent portal to a random location on that plane.
Tim Sackton: If you fail by more than 5, you fail to contain the energy. Everybody within a hundred feet of the wand has to make a charisma saving throw, taking 20 d. 6 failure damage and being teleported to a random location on the plane on a failure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's no way to fail, is what you're saying.
Tim Sackton: Basically, there's no way to tell. You always get to the other plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is amazing. We're definitely doing this.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how or why, but we're gonna do it.
Kate Sackton: Start start prioritizing your planes. Now, we can have a discussion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I do see.
Tim Sackton: 30 arcana check. Is not that hard for seeker to make.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's true, it's true, it's doable.
Tim Sackton: And then the last one is a wide belt made of fine
Tim Sackton: dark gray
Tim Sackton: leather, rough to the touch, and reinforced with a pattern of smooth quartz fragments embedded along its length, and with a
Tim Sackton: belt buckle made about
Tim Sackton: polished automaticine shaped into a simple yet imposing design of a mountain.
Tim Sackton: This is a belt of the mountains. Essence.
Tim Sackton: While you're attuned to this belt, your strength score is 23.
Tim Sackton: If you are subject to an effect that would force you to move or knock you prone. You can use a reaction to be unaffected by the effect.
Tim Sackton: You can do that once per day
Tim Sackton: as a bonus action, you can merge into an earth or stone surface, travel up to 30 feet and emerge
Tim Sackton: anywhere you want
Tim Sackton: again once per day.
Tim Sackton: and you can cast passwal once per day.
Tim Sackton: Hi, Nathaniel!
Tim Sackton: And I think that is everything.
Tim Sackton: None of these are in D and d beyond yet.
Tim Sackton: but I will, depending on what you decide to take. I will put them on D and D. Some of them are real items that I did homebrew. So those are on d and d beyond.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm saying. What was the item that lets you, polymorph, into any creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the ring of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: The ring of the ocean. Any creature that has a swim speed right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, like, for example, an ancient cold dragon has a swim speed.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it has to be yours. It can't be.
Tim Sackton: It's still the normal rules to polymorph the
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Polymorph doesn't have any rules except target. Cr, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so you could. If you're level 15, you could be a level, a creature with Cr 15 or less that has a swim speed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if you
Eric Rosenbaum: are a silver dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then you use it.
Tim Sackton: Then you'd function as the Silver Dragon. Cr.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is.
Tim Sackton: That's a good question.
Tim Sackton: It's actually not
Tim Sackton: I think, super much higher than your. It's probably around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Belt. Silver Dragon is 16.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So it's not that much higher than than your level.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ring would have to fit on the Silver Dragon's claw, which probably wouldn't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bronze dragon is Cr. 15 and has a swim speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dragon team for the final fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna have an entourage here. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Have you ascertained that Apollyon is particularly weak to dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's more that we are particularly weak to Apollyons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We'll be fine. Pollyan's gonna be fine.
Kate Sackton: Wait. A polyon's gonna be fine.
Mike Sackton: Mean, I said that wrong.
Kate Sackton: Which dealt with. Did you guys bring back?
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait! Isn't!
Kate Sackton: Aren't there still some doppelgangers like guarding Apollyon's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Tropical island, or something that's where like Fake dealt with, is right.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right?
Tim Sackton: dow.
Tim Sackton: anyway, the question is, what do you want to take?
Tim Sackton: Who wants to take what? And then we'll we'll switch to the to Eric's
Tim Sackton: presentation.
Mike Sackton: Do you have those all written down somewhere.
Tim Sackton: I do.
Tim Sackton: You don't have to decide this now, but
Tim Sackton: I mean Kelly and Milo might want something.
Tim Sackton: They did.
Mike Sackton: Wait. What's what was the wide belt made of fine dragonhide weather?
Tim Sackton: That's the belt of the medicine's essence. That's for Ritzwyn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice! That makes sense. It's a good one.
Tim Sackton: Strength. 23. Right
Tim Sackton: teleport through earth
Tim Sackton: can't be knocked over.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's list?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'll take. I'll take that wand.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, obviously, seeker's taking the wand.
Mike Sackton: The bow seems well beesque.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Tim Sackton: So do you? Wanna it does require attunement. So you'd have to trade up from your unattuned bell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll drop something.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Post rate, in.
Mike Sackton: Or not potion of I I wouldn't mind the potion of invulnerability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's.
Mike Sackton: Useful
Mike Sackton: you're in of. You are resistant to all damage for an hour.
Mike Sackton: so all damage is halved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Besides.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have that one.
Mike Sackton: We each get it for a half hour.
Kate Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: No, it's 1 min, not 1 h.
Mike Sackton: Ow! 1 min!
Tim Sackton: The the dragon is 1 h.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dragon, thing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, who's taking the fireballs.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the range on that?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's like.
Mike Sackton: Triceratops is also kind of cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. I missed the Triceratops. What's that?
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: That can turn into a triceratops.
Tim Sackton: Triceratops that turns into a triceratops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it lasts for.
Tim Sackton: Last for 6 h, and then you can't use it again for another 10 days.
Kate Sackton: Was it this campaign where one of you was carrying around a little castle that
Kate Sackton: eventually came in handy, that turned into a real castle, or like a tower that turned into a real castle some other campaign.
Tim Sackton: No, I don't know what that was, but that seems like a cool item.
Mike Sackton: Triceratops is like they have a lot of hit points and a lot of strengths.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, we don't have to spend a lot of time
Tim Sackton: doing this, and I'll I'll
Tim Sackton: put this all up on
Tim Sackton: tag our verse over the weekend. So you can actually read what they all are. The only thing
Tim Sackton: you need to decide now before, like
Tim Sackton: the halflings leave is, if you're willing to let them take anything.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: I mean it's up to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Arrangement.
Eric Rosenbaum: do they.
Mike Sackton: Want some magic swords, daggers, or spears. They could certainly take those
Mike Sackton: move the tab.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does.
Kate Sackton: Outfit. The whole crew.
Mike Sackton: That we have. I mean.
Mike Sackton: some of these don't seem the ring of that. What does the ring of the ocean do again? You could polymorph into anything
Mike Sackton: that has a swim, speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you can also calm the.
Tim Sackton: Calm seas.
Tim Sackton: Does that work.
Mike Sackton: Attunement.
Tim Sackton: That. Yes, everything requires. All of these items require 2.
Kate Sackton: You can't possibly think all of them.
Mike Sackton: Not the wand or the necklace right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should.
Tim Sackton: The wand, the wand, and the necklace don't require a 2, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should definitely give the halflings that ring, so that inevitably we stumble into a situation where, like the only reasonable solution would have been to use it, and we don't have it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should give them the necklace, fireballs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly. That's what I'm talking.
Tim Sackton: No, actually, the wand does wands always require any wand of this rarity would definitely require 2 men.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it can pass plane, shift, or banish right. That definitely requires attunement.
Eric Rosenbaum: The blink, blink spell. Do
Eric Rosenbaum: blink blank.
Mike Sackton: It's it's not bad it 50% chance of any attack missing basically.
Mike Sackton: Or actually, more accurately, there's a 50% chance that you blank out of existence until your next turn.
Mike Sackton: So nothing.
Tim Sackton: Actually a pretty good spell for for seeker.
Mike Sackton: It's not bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Tim Sackton: All that.
Tim Sackton: At the end of your turn you roll A. D. 6
Tim Sackton: on a 4, or 5 or 6, you vanish
Tim Sackton: from your current plane and appear in the ethereal plane.
Tim Sackton: So any anybody who's not on the ethereal plan can't do anything to you
Tim Sackton: until the start of your next turn.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you can't do things. You can't use reactions right? You can't like cast counters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, but.
Tim Sackton: You can't cast counterspell or anything like that. But
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds amazing, but.
Mike Sackton: This right up Seeker's Alley, cast a spell, run away, cast a spell, run away, cast a spell, run away!
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good
Eric Rosenbaum: bravely, being at the right place in the right time. Yes.
Mike Sackton: There's nothing here that's really.
Mike Sackton: I mean, other than the potion vulnerability. I don't. What? What was the other?
Mike Sackton: What was the poet.
Tim Sackton: I mean, daoist thing was mostly the the other potion was. Well, there's the dust of glibness that seemed like kind of item.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's true. I forgot about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then gain proficiency in religion.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Think?
Kate Sackton: Who does?
Mike Sackton: Have.
Tim Sackton: None of you have proficiency in religion. That's why I picked it.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why we would need that.
Kate Sackton: And so.
Mike Sackton: Well, it's like.
Kate Sackton: Would would fit with any of our.
Mike Sackton: Sneakers should, I mean, really, sneakers should take it because it's an int skill.
Mike Sackton: and you can use it for things like what happens to souls when they die. And you know what's the weird magic of the gods? It's like arcana for divine magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And like this is a kind of gap in our.
Mike Sackton: A gap at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: And seeker's knowledge.
Mike Sackton: It. It feels very.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suddenly, some questions are going to come up. And we're like, I don't know. And it's like the key to the whole thing. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think Seeker should take that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, good, call.
Mike Sackton: Feels like we need something good for Kenza, though.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I was gonna say, or Kenzo, he's
Kate Sackton: seeking.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cancel.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Slip.
Tim Sackton: And right into
Tim Sackton: battle on a tricep.
Mike Sackton: Triceratops fair.
Tim Sackton: Clearly.
Mike Sackton: That feels more like a party item, though, right? Because you activate it.
Tim Sackton: Kind of a party. Right? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody's got to command it.
Eric Rosenbaum: presumably.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo might want to throw fireballs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, Steve.
Tim Sackton: Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Back of it.
Tim Sackton: Fireballs are pretty good for Kenzo, because
Tim Sackton: he can throw fireballs, and then, still flurry of blows as a bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool
Eric Rosenbaum: the the necklace. You can do them one at a time. Presumably it's not like.
Tim Sackton: You could do them one at a time, or you can do all 8 if you really want to. It's cast
Tim Sackton: that would that would cast it as an 11th level spell.
Mike Sackton: Say, can you even go above 9.
Tim Sackton: You know. Why not? I mean, it's probably not worth it. It's just an extra one d. 6 per level.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To cast.
Tim Sackton: So that would be.
Tim Sackton: It's better to cast them individually, because each one's 86. Right?
Tim Sackton: Okay? So as you
Tim Sackton: settle into your new treasure, we take a break
Tim Sackton: for a special presentation.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, Kong. I already told the others this, but the 1st part of my announcement is actually just that. We're having another child in real life I mean so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's so. Amazing. Man! Congratulations!
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. As a girl. Due end of April. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! So happy for you!
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. Yeah, we're
Eric Rosenbaum: excited and
Eric Rosenbaum: little bit like, Oh, my God, what are we doing but
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll figure it out when it happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah, the other thing is that
Eric Rosenbaum: I spent
Eric Rosenbaum: bunch of free time making a trailer video
Eric Rosenbaum: by using.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: going back.
Tim Sackton: 2
Tim Sackton: venture, sure enough.
Tim Sackton: So after spending an hour sorting through the treasure and
Tim Sackton: figuring out
Tim Sackton: the next
Tim Sackton: thing to do, of course
Tim Sackton: Tilly and Milo
Tim Sackton: come.
Tim Sackton: oops! Where is that? Oh, that's
Tim Sackton: Kelly and Milo come
Tim Sackton: saying.
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: Milo comes to talk to you as he's as they're getting ready to go.
Tim Sackton: And you've installed one of the eyes, I think, on the
Tim Sackton: mast of the folding boat which they are taking, so you can see and talk to them as well.
Tim Sackton: They.
Tim Sackton: Milo's, you know, says, Well, you know what
Tim Sackton: we're going to head west 1st and
Tim Sackton: hopefully get some news.
Tim Sackton: maybe get a message at least, or track down the
Tim Sackton: crew that they left behind on the storm dancer when they
Tim Sackton: dived underwater to
Tim Sackton: investigate the
Tim Sackton: city of Omi.
Tim Sackton: you know the crew they left behind. It was like a month that they were trapped, at least, if not longer. So
Tim Sackton: you know they've probably scattered, but at least get word that they're alive.
Tim Sackton: But he says we don't intend to spend long there.
Tim Sackton: outfit. A new ship is
Tim Sackton: quickly as possible, and then
Tim Sackton: sale who knows where?
Tim Sackton: And last he says, everything goes south on your mission in Drain Corps.
Tim Sackton: in which case we'll flee south and raise an army and see what we can do.
Kate Sackton: Where are we?
Tim Sackton: You are.
Kate Sackton: South, and from where.
Tim Sackton: You are currently over the ocean south of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: which is
Tim Sackton: west, which is east of
Tim Sackton: like Elloria and Dunmar. It's like the coast forms like
Tim Sackton: like that.
Tim Sackton: That shape. And so like Darba's here and Drankor is like here.
Tim Sackton: There's a map.
Tim Sackton: although I don't think it has.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it has drankor.
Tim Sackton: The map here has
Tim Sackton: the map there has drink ore.
Tim Sackton: so you're just like in the ocean south of Drankor right now.
Tim Sackton: So sailing west would bring them to like the southern islands of Elloria.
Tim Sackton: Like south of Elloria, part of the island chain that stretches bursts quite some distance into the Nevos Sea, quite far south of Darba.
Tim Sackton: However.
Tim Sackton: as they're preparing to leave
Tim Sackton: and getting ready to go.
Tim Sackton: 2 of
Tim Sackton: the crew
Tim Sackton: come up to you and and ask if they could
Tim Sackton: stay for at least a short time with you.
Tim Sackton: They're.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: on the older 2 halflings, obviously on the older side of middle aged, a married couple.
Tim Sackton: man and a woman.
Tim Sackton: The woman introduces herself as Willow Copperharp. Her husband is Micah.
Tim Sackton: She's
Tim Sackton: a storyteller and a poet, and a sailor too obviously
Tim Sackton: And and she
Tim Sackton: she speaks. She talks to you about
Tim Sackton: you know this is a
Tim Sackton: this is a moment
Tim Sackton: that somebody must be there to witness the tale and share your story.
Tim Sackton: She's afraid for well-being and for herself.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: and for you the rest of you.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And she sometimes sees things in the past, the death that rained down from drankor
Tim Sackton: She's fairly religious as halflings go. She talks about the 1st ones a lot, but
Tim Sackton: you know she wants to be there at least
Tim Sackton: for a few weeks, and then see what happens.
Tim Sackton: Her husband! Mick, is like her complete opposite. He is sort of a joker.
Tim Sackton: good with his hands, a drummer,
Tim Sackton: a brewer
Tim Sackton: not particularly
Tim Sackton: you know. He's certainly not a poet or a storyteller right? And he's actually bonded a bit with faldrick of all people, and really just wants to see
Tim Sackton: see what's out there, you know
Tim Sackton: not is not planning on going in to drink, or but getting close to drink, or you know
Tim Sackton: nobody has done that.
Tim Sackton: So if you'll have them, they'd like to stay for
Tim Sackton: a couple weeks and then see where fate takes them.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a big ship. I think we could use the hands.
Kate Sackton: It's a big ship worth the exact words. Go into my head.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So you get settled. You say your goodbyes.
Tim Sackton: Milo and Tilly sail off on the ship on the folding boat.
Tim Sackton: quiet
Tim Sackton: settles over the group as you
Tim Sackton: begin to contemplate
Tim Sackton: your next move.
Tim Sackton: which must presumably be
Tim Sackton: heading for drink, or but exactly how and
Tim Sackton: what you intend is
Tim Sackton: part of the sort of role-playing objective for the evening.
Kate Sackton: How's the doomsday clock? What did you guys? What did you all find out in that
Kate Sackton: Dragon Forge? You know. Place that you went.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we got some some bonus time added to it.
Mike Sackton: We? We didn't. No, no, we. We did learn how to become witches. So if this all goes South.
Mike Sackton: we do know how to
Mike Sackton: you become like a polyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. What was that story with that again.
Mike Sackton: We got the tome of the Manual of.
Tim Sackton: Dimitar destroyed it with his wand. Fireball.
Mike Sackton: Oh, right? We don't know anymore how to do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was another one. There was another book.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that was the other book was like Apollyon's notes about
Tim Sackton: you know his
Tim Sackton: his research about mostly about the forge, but also about the process of lich transformation, but by itself it's not enough to become a lich. You need the book that briefly cursed seeker and was destroyed by Dimitar.
Mike Sackton: I forgot that Dimitard destroyed that we we saw a vision of Apollyon becoming a witch
Mike Sackton: in the mirror in the mirror. Remember, we watched.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: We know that his flat tree is a plain silver dagger.
Tim Sackton: Adamantine, dagger.
Mike Sackton: Plain adamante dagger.
Mike Sackton: Wait! We haven't
Mike Sackton: actually seen the oh, no, we did see the rise, hand vision.
Mike Sackton: We don't need to show. Rise hand to the mirror. We got the vision when we
Mike Sackton: reassemble.
Tim Sackton: Use the mirror on the.
Mike Sackton: On the manacles.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we know that we need to find a silver sorry, an adamantine dagger somewhere in a plain, unadorned, adamantine dagger somewhere in
Mike Sackton: drankor.
Mike Sackton: Do we know more specific? We don't know more specifically where indraincord is right? I can't remember.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We know where it last was, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): using the bow or the arrow of seeking whatever it was like, at least we could find where it was a few 100 years ago.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: Also. I wonder how much adamantine there is in Drankor.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can sense it. How, although not only at a few 100 feet.
Mike Sackton: How long does your how, what's your what's your range?
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it's only 300 feet. But let me
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, over a thousand feet, if I name a particular type of ore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How long does it last.
Eric Rosenbaum: Direction 10 min, and then I can do that multiple times per day 3 times per long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: But so a thousand feet is.
Kate Sackton: Or spell, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Kate Sackton: Is it a skill you have, or a spell? You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the rune of stone
Eric Rosenbaum: feature slash trait. So I guess that's not a spell.
Kate Sackton: Feel like I've read some spelled description at some point in my life, for, like finding a particular.
Kate Sackton: they're a.
Tim Sackton: The object is a spell.
Kate Sackton: What?
Tim Sackton: Dictate, object.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Cleric spell, you could prepare it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, that sounds like the kind of thing we need. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's a thousand feet also.
Mike Sackton: So I mean neither of those are. They're both but looking object. You should be able to find the nearest adamantine dagger.
Kate Sackton: Within a thousand feet. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Within a thousand feet. I don't know exactly how useful that is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, but also like depending on the speed that you're moving at, you could cover a fair amount of ground.
Mike Sackton: It lasts, for I mean it lasts for 10 min, and it's only 3rd level. So you could cast it quite a few times
Mike Sackton: potentially.
Tim Sackton: So you just split up and explore drink, or in a grid.
Mike Sackton: Are we feeling uncomfortable with bringing Vintagerna into drink corps?
Mike Sackton: Are we just gonna fly over the city, I mean, are those towers? Did anybody read the homework assignment.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did look it over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And there's still.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's still plague mist also in there.
Mike Sackton: Is there? That was unclear?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so, I think yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I took us off topic at work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do the Towers do, sir?
Mike Sackton: There's something called the teeth of the river, or something like that that in one of the stories we got like blew up attacking raiders
Mike Sackton: like shot lightning bolts from the top of the tower and destroyed a ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: The teeth of Drankor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lightning shone from the top of the sapphire tower, striking in all directions
Eric Rosenbaum: even to warships south of the city, on the rivers, and thus smote the raiders. I mean a little lightning
Eric Rosenbaum: in your starter is made of stone.
Kate Sackton: How big is the.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would bounce right off.
Kate Sackton: I mean, what's labeled as drankor like is drankor like a city or like the city.
Kate Sackton: Okay? Okay.
Mike Sackton: But it's likely. I mean, it's, I think, a fairly large city.
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: actually, is there a real life case of that like this empire and the city
Eric Rosenbaum: at this heart of it? I have the same name.
Tim Sackton: Room.
Tim Sackton: the Roman Empire.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Byzantium.
Tim Sackton: the Byzantine Empire. It's pretty common, I think. Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: New York, in New York.
Tim Sackton: In the working Empire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mexico City and Mexico.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think I think it's actually, I think the reverse is the like London and the English Empire is like, or the British Empire is like the
Tim Sackton: odd one out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the exception.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: The English language is so
Kate Sackton: weird couldn't possibly follow a pattern.
Mike Sackton: So I
Mike Sackton: oh.
Mike Sackton: it feels like some scouting would be useful.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it feels like pollyan's
Mike Sackton: like, do we know? We don't really know? Is drinker full of 10,000 undead? Or is it like empty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we do like pattern scrying
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to get a feel for that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there other ways to find that out?
Kate Sackton: Where did we see something of what was going on with the doppelgangers? And
Kate Sackton: was that in drank war, or was that some other like jungle. I feel like it was just.
Tim Sackton: No, that wasn't drink corp.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Waiting on the docks by the river. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's some
Eric Rosenbaum: mechanism we need to understand by which Apollyon is like fueling his escape.
Kate Sackton: I thought we had your.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we know how he's feeling his escape. He's killing people. And then when the doppelgangers kill people, their souls go to his little prison, and when they break free out of his prison they make the cracks breaker.
Mike Sackton: and so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's that little prison.
Mike Sackton: Wow! That's the prison, that
Mike Sackton: chamut belt right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is it on this plane.
Mike Sackton: I think we are presuming it's accessible from Drankor somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then the phylactery is somewhere else.
Mike Sackton: I mean the flak tree is incidental, except for the fact that if we go kill a polyon and haven't destroyed his flak tree
Mike Sackton: bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: And resurrect.
Mike Sackton: He will just come back to life.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do we have, like a grace period there like? Do we have to sequence it so that we destroy the phylactery first, st or can we kill him, and then go looking for the.
Mike Sackton: That's a good question. Do we know you know what.
Tim Sackton: That's it.
Mike Sackton: That can seeker, make a religion, check.
Tim Sackton: Is it a religious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Tim Sackton: I think this is more arcana.
Mike Sackton: Typically questions about undead fall under rule and some versions of D and D questions about it. But I don't know if that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't necessarily make sense for Dogger.
Tim Sackton: No, it normally makes sense, but I think litches in particular are.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Wizard, the Current Base.
Mike Sackton: Knows kind of a lot about
Mike Sackton: witches like he.
Tim Sackton: It was briefly possessed, briefly possessed.
Mike Sackton: By a witch book right like he should be able to search his memory.
Tim Sackton: Definitely make an arcana check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will go ahead and do so.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a normal roll. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Normal role, but plus 15.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it didn't go through to roll 20. That's weird.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm not on both 20.
Mike Sackton: Not even.
Tim Sackton: Just tell me what you're old.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a 30.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: You could have. Why are you wasting thirties on just regular?
Tim Sackton: You could have created a portal to another plane.
Tim Sackton: it. So usually it's not
Tim Sackton: It's not typically
Tim Sackton: instantaneous.
Tim Sackton: it's definitely not instantaneous. You have a grace period. How long is unclear? It depends on how strong the lich is.
Tim Sackton: how long you know how
Tim Sackton: powerful the phylactery is, what kinds of contingency they set up.
Tim Sackton: But you, like you likely have at least 24 h after you kill
Tim Sackton: a litch you might have as long as a week.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say exactly.
Mike Sackton: But it's not like.
Tim Sackton: But it's it's not instantaneous. It's not like they reform with all their hit points. In 10 min.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: how long like do we have any sense of how big the physical space of drink? Or is.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: We should find that out
Mike Sackton: right. That should be. I mean, I think.
Tim Sackton: About 150 miles from drink or so. You could be there in 15 h.
Mike Sackton: Can we like?
Mike Sackton: I think our if drink corps is like
Mike Sackton: a 5 mile
Mike Sackton: diameter or smaller city, which seems plausible unless it's like unusually sprawling right
Mike Sackton: in theory, using our Wilkid object and Vidya Sharna to crisscross a 5 mile city.
Mike Sackton: We should be okay.
Mike Sackton: Fine, because it's a thousand feet from your current position. Right? So you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: And how fast does I mean? I don't not sort of 2 ways to do the math, but it feels intuitive like in 5 or 6 h you could crisscross with a flying ship
Mike Sackton: a thousand feet.
Mike Sackton: Now
Mike Sackton: I don't know how we'd have to cast a spell. It only last 10 min you each get a 1. You each get 10 min
Mike Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: That's about 20 min.
Tim Sackton: Instantaneous.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's just once it doesn't last.
Tim Sackton: It's just. It's just
Tim Sackton: learn about this. Within a thousand feet.
Mike Sackton: To.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: I guess where I'm going is, if the theory is that the dangers in drain cor are almost entirely driven by a Polyon.
Mike Sackton: and if he was gone it would be a deserted, empty city.
Mike Sackton: which is maybe assuming a lot.
Mike Sackton: But if he was gone it would be a deserted, empty city. It feels like we would actually not have a very big problem
Mike Sackton: finding the phylactery after he was gone
Mike Sackton: right. If I mean, if Risbane spent
Mike Sackton: all of your spell slots you could cast a spell like 8 times right
Mike Sackton: with upcasts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If if it was there. But, like, let's say he put it, he had someone
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put it somewhere or put it in a bag of holding.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put the bag of holding.
Mike Sackton: Sure, or put it in a wed wide box, or something like that.
Kate Sackton: Put it in the lead lines.
Tim Sackton: So remember the last, though
Tim Sackton: the vision that you saw was that Apolly. When Shamut died, Apollian was trying to summon his phylactery to him.
Tim Sackton: Rye caught it.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: left it in Drankor when he went to deal with
Tim Sackton: Shamutz
Tim Sackton: limbo chaos, magic, so a Polyon, as far as you know, has never possessed.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: His phylactery in between when
Tim Sackton: Rye appeared on the scene. And now.
Tim Sackton: if he had, he'd be much stronger. You probably wouldn't be able to kill him.
Mike Sackton: So in theory, we could start from where ryewast was.
Mike Sackton: Do we know where that is?
Tim Sackton: Which?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that was the the temple of the.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Wines, and drink.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we? Would a polyon
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know that the phylactery was out in the world
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): available for grabbing like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it seems like if that's something that a plan knew, and it's been a stretch now since that happened
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, wouldn't he send his people just to comb through drankor to find it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know like. Did
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): would he know that it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was not being guarded.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): your cap term
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, why hasn't he done that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe he has no way to find it.
Eric Rosenbaum: because Rai so.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's some reason to believe Rai would have not just
Tim Sackton: dumped
Tim Sackton: the phylactery of a super powerful wrench in some obvious place where anybody could find that
Tim Sackton: that seems maybe out of character, for Rai.
Eric Rosenbaum: But would he have given some clue to someone.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: talk and discuss a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Fodrek pops out, and it was like.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: are we going somewhere
Tim Sackton: ready? Where do you want to fly the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Working on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Kate Sackton: 15 h away.
Mike Sackton: I mean towards Drankor, for now.
Mike Sackton: Right. But let's.
Kate Sackton: 5 h.
Mike Sackton: Let's revisit. It's what time of day is it? How much time? What's what's the time on the clock
Mike Sackton: we have like 3 days, 5 days.
Tim Sackton: Case.
Mike Sackton: 9 days we have tons of time.
Mike Sackton: What are we doing going to drank, or we have time for a whole side quest?
Mike Sackton: It's correct.
Mike Sackton: Let's go get a better portable hole, go back to the island, get more of the treasure, and then do this whole thing again.
Mike Sackton: I would say
Mike Sackton: we head towards drink like you said it was the morning.
Tim Sackton: By now. It's like 3 in the afternoon.
Mike Sackton: Wow, okay, so let's head.
Mike Sackton: Let's head towards Drankler till about midnight, and then stop.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Mike Sackton: Start.
Tim Sackton: Rodrick goes and sets a course.
Mike Sackton: We might change our minds before midnight. But let's, you know, stick with that for the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that? Gonna take us over land or over the water.
Tim Sackton: You'll you'll reach land. You'll reach land by like 9 or so.
Tim Sackton: And then it's Drankor's upriver.
Tim Sackton: The river is like super wide, the
Tim Sackton: delta. The mouth of the river is like super wide. It's a huge
Tim Sackton: huge river system.
Tim Sackton: Swampy sort of mark. I mean, it's navigable. It's kind of Nile like.
Tim Sackton: but drankor's, you know.
Tim Sackton: somewhat inland from the actual
Tim Sackton: Rivermouth.
Tim Sackton: but once you get to land you can always just follow the river. Its drink waters will be there.
Kate Sackton: Are we coming from directly south of drank? Or are we also west.
Tim Sackton: Basically directly south.
Kate Sackton: If I mean if.
Tim Sackton: So the ship begins to move
Tim Sackton: as the
Tim Sackton: rain clouds finally break and a brief afternoon thunderstorm breaks out.
Tim Sackton: everybody retreats inside
Tim Sackton: the giant pile of treasure still
Tim Sackton: partially sitting on the deck.
Tim Sackton: As the rain falls.
Eric Rosenbaum: But a tarp on it, or something.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's mostly gold. It's not going to really be affected by rain.
Tim Sackton: So the ship begins to move. You can see. I mean, you can see the coastline right? You're high enough up. It's only 60 miles away.
Tim Sackton: The coast is visible, and you begin to
Tim Sackton: depart the storm and travel across
Tim Sackton: the still strangely wavy sea, despite the.
Tim Sackton: you know, mostly blue clouds, although passing thunderstorms right now.
Tim Sackton: heading
Tim Sackton: for the mouth of the hysteros.
Tim Sackton: The river that goes all the way to Isingay and north.
Tim Sackton: on which drink or sets.
Tim Sackton: So you have a bit of time to
Tim Sackton: make a plan.
Tim Sackton: Decide what your next steps are.
Tim Sackton: but also I'll happily time. Skip ahead is
Tim Sackton: much as you want. If you have
Tim Sackton: nothing to discuss.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is interesting that Carson
Eric Rosenbaum: Carson and
Eric Rosenbaum: Tancora are sort of directly connected on one waterway.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess it's a big river system.
Tim Sackton: Well that the river that flows through flows past Carson is
Tim Sackton: It's it's seasonal, it it'll it rarely. Actually, I remember you were there. It was just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's right.
Tim Sackton: I see is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Tim Sackton: Of Riverbad.
Tim Sackton: And you actually don't even I mean, this is a. This map is based on like stories of the dead. Mara. You don't actually even know if.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll connect.
Tim Sackton: It all connects, because, you know, it's all shifted now, and it could be that it just forms a
Tim Sackton: swap. And you know that the the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: eastern branch connects because the Orcs told you it does. The one that flows past Zircoz.
Kate Sackton: We're doing more.
Tim Sackton: Same Kirk.
Kate Sackton: Praying.
Mike Sackton: I mean the ship.
Tim Sackton: Sales.
Mike Sackton: Were you asking about scrying.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's tricky to.
Mike Sackton: It's kind of tricky to
Mike Sackton: scry drankware, because I can only scry things that
Mike Sackton: I I can't describe a location. I've never seen.
Kate Sackton: Right, could we.
Mike Sackton: People.
Kate Sackton: Can we send a lynx, or a bird, or a
Kate Sackton: fast flying thing that we can connect with in some other way than spying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sense, but only for an hour. So that's pretty close.
Mike Sackton: There's got to be a way to do long range scouting.
Mike Sackton: I mean, did we just find a few people who
Mike Sackton: guess it's tough like. Who would we send? What would we send?
Mike Sackton: We don't have a lot of
Mike Sackton: I'm just looking at my spells.
Kate Sackton: Like if we took ourselves within range of some long distance scrap, you know, peace, sense, or something.
Kate Sackton: and then brought ourselves back to plan. After we got more information.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's a
Mike Sackton: that's a reasonable starting spot.
Mike Sackton: I mean, everything's just our type timeframes, right? So we need to be like
Mike Sackton: within 5 miles for those to be useful.
Mike Sackton: but also we'll be able to see it sooner than that, right like.
Kate Sackton: Far away, like line of sight
Kate Sackton: physics like we're in a honking big ship that's visible from how far away.
Tim Sackton: I mean depends on how high up you are.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Rodrick hasn't quite finished the telescope yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should fly a little lower.
Eric Rosenbaum: play.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, if you're if you get really high up, then you get small, and you're sort of unnoticeable. But if you're medium height you could be seen for quite some distance. If you're low, of course you can't be seen from as far, but you also can't see as far.
Eric Rosenbaum: So with clairvoyance at one mile
Eric Rosenbaum: and 5 doublings.
Tim Sackton: 32. Is that right?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh?
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 32 miles. It's not guaranteed to work. In fact.
Eric Rosenbaum: a DC. Of 8 plus twice the charge as DC. 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that right?
Tim Sackton: After all, a 13 or higher
Tim Sackton: right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So what? Let's go back again for a sec. What? What do we expect? Is there waiting for us?
Kate Sackton: Either like a couple henchmen and some magic towers, or like an entire army of undead.
Mike Sackton: So our.
Kate Sackton: Do that.
Mike Sackton: Gangers are hanging out of the docks.
Kate Sackton: Right? So that's what I mean by a couple henchmen.
Mike Sackton: I mean, isn't that selling them a little short, right, like our
Mike Sackton: powerful enemies, who will probably defeat us?
Mike Sackton: But yes, okay. A few henchmen.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we do have the report of somebody who has been to drink or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so.
Mike Sackton: Let him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Living jungle vines and
Eric Rosenbaum: skeletal.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! I got distracted before I read this, because Eric showed up and started talking.
Mike Sackton: I was like I thought I read that, and then, no, I didn't. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, they were
Eric Rosenbaum: some. They ran into some things.
Eric Rosenbaum: but this.
Tim Sackton: Definitely, not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ago.
Tim Sackton: Empty.
Tim Sackton: but you know 400 skeletons is not a big challenge for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So whether it's
Tim Sackton: it's not obvious whether it's it's definitely not empty, but whether it's
Tim Sackton: particularly dangerous.
Tim Sackton: not necessarily clear.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's an ongoing fear effect that they only evaded because of the paladins, save bonuses.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then,
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then there were living vines of the jungle, but they were vulnerable to the fire
Eric Rosenbaum: of Aguir.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Red mist surrounds
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the greatest tomb, which is presumably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where our guy is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the mists might be a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long was that report from? Again.
Tim Sackton: 350 years ago.
Tim Sackton: 370 years ago.
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
Tim Sackton: we're waiting.
Kate Sackton: Data from Drankar, from 370 years ago.
Mike Sackton: We could use one of our what would
Mike Sackton: Alf, warrior person do.
Tim Sackton: You could
Tim Sackton: finally.
Kate Sackton: You have a you have a little bracelet that says what would Elf wore.
Mike Sackton: No, remember. We spent like 2.
Tim Sackton: No, Kate, wasn't there.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you weren't there! We we interviewed this Elven Paladin, or something. I forget her name, but she.
Tim Sackton: Day.
Mike Sackton: Her estate. She
Mike Sackton: bought a polyon at the fall of Drankor, like she's a thousand over a thousand years old, and was like there at at his original rise, and was like his enemy, and we spent a long time interviewing her. But we didn't actually play that out in game cause. That's too complicated, right? And so Tim just said we could ask 5 times for her advice retroactively. Right like
Mike Sackton: was that
Mike Sackton: in Alexandria? Was that.
Tim Sackton: No, that was on your way back, remember you. So after you destroyed the scepter in Alexandria, you were like, Oh, Riswin's fine.
Mike Sackton: Fine. Right right right right right.
Tim Sackton: We're just gonna like, Go take Frederick to the elemental forge and.
Mike Sackton: Right! Oh.
Tim Sackton: We'll stop in order like.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I remember now.
Tim Sackton: On your way to fight Grosh right right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it sounds like the jungle's kinda
Mike Sackton: so I think our presumption is going to be
Mike Sackton: that it's gonna be tough to avoid. I mean the doppelgangers will probably find us right.
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: I doubt we can sneak up on a polyon
Mike Sackton: like, do we want to approach? Not from the river, I guess, is the main question.
Mike Sackton: She'll be like fly over the jungle and.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, is there a benefit from coming from the west or some other direction?
Mike Sackton: I mean, have we considered just getting some really heavy things and dropping it.
Kate Sackton: Well, then, we'd have to come up. Figure out what's down.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've we've often
Eric Rosenbaum: consider that idea without attempting it, although the one time, actually, that we did attempt.
Tim Sackton: The one time it worked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smashing.
Tim Sackton: West.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: maybe we should like start by. Well, now, we probably don't want to crack open a polyon's tomb
Mike Sackton: without knowing what would happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure we do.
Mike Sackton: So I think our main question is, are we trying to sequence this as fight? The doppelgangers get the phylactery
Mike Sackton: gimpolyon, or some different order.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should probably get the doppelgangers out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: fresh, regardless.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. So fight the doppelgangers. Kill Apollyon, get the factory.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: if our goal is to fight the double gangers.
Mike Sackton: it seems like, shouldn't we just
Mike Sackton: let me just a.
Eric Rosenbaum: In their face.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But also there's an advantage in doing it from Vinja Sharna, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. Yes. Yes. Well.
Mike Sackton: How long is the Ice Turret Range? The Ice Turret Range is 300 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I mean having Virdisharna 300 feet away. There's actually not much any of us can do
Mike Sackton: at 300 feet right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's the thing we know in detail. The capabilities and ranges.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so how can we
Eric Rosenbaum: set.
Mike Sackton: Does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sured
Eric Rosenbaum: fighting, only one of them at a time.
Mike Sackton: Deal with has a couple of 300 feet spells. Actually.
Mike Sackton: although I don't know like I changed my spout right like, do they do these guys get the 2024 rules? Or do they stuck with the 2014 rules.
Tim Sackton: They get the 2024 rules, but they are a couple levels
Tim Sackton: less than you, because they were clones.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Before you gained the last 2 levels. I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no items right?
Tim Sackton: But no magic items.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I mean, like.
Tim Sackton: From the Kenzo seeker from the Kenzo Welby fight
Tim Sackton: Kenzo Simlakum. Kenzo did report that they seem to have more. They were harder to hurt than you would expect.
Tim Sackton: so they probably have more hit points than.
Eric Rosenbaum: Than than my simulacrum.
Tim Sackton: Your equivalent, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking of which, now that we have quite a lot of rubies.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make a simulacrum a day.
Tim Sackton: When you make a new one all your old ones disappear. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can only make one. Okay.
Mike Sackton: But we could still.
Eric Rosenbaum: Regardless.
Mike Sackton: That's still not about.
Tim Sackton: So Sumrakam is still off in Darva somewhere, looking for her.
Tim Sackton: dealing with Dunmari. But you could tell him like you're done now, Kansas and Rackham turn back to Snow.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we can shut that one down. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Seeker can dimension door right? So one downside of having Vindra Sharna within 300 feet is seeker, could potentially grab some doppelganger seeker, could grab
Mike Sackton: one of us like Kenza, were dealt with, and Dimension door onto Vindra Sharna and try and kill everybody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would it? Would it be nuts to just like teleport into the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the 5 of us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and just meet them on the ground? Find them that way like so much of this. Seems like it's about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how do we get there safely in Bindrasharna?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or how do we keep the crew safe.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: you can teleport somewhere. You've clairvoyanced right that counts as seen.
Tim Sackton: That can't be seen.
Mike Sackton: How good is what's the failure? Chance on teleport with scene?
Mike Sackton: It's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello, definitely.
Tim Sackton: I mean, seekers never failed to teleport so obviously he's never going to fail to teleport.
Mike Sackton: Viewed, once.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike Sackton: Viewed once is only a 25% chance of success.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not great.
Mike Sackton: Not amazing. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Do have one more charge of chance. Weaver's dice.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it!
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Mike Sackton: You could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fly in. I mean, we could get a couple of miles away and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): probably fly the last couple of miles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or we could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know high altitude drop down if we are directly above, and we could like.
Mike Sackton: Paratroopers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and open the feather. Fall in the last, you know, 100 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put some. Just put some rocks down ahead of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: soften them up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would just sort of probably
Eric Rosenbaum: turn all of the entire dock's area to rubble.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ducks are magically protected, so they.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Dropping heavy rocks on magical defenses, might also cause them to blow us up.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might like bounce back aggressively. Yeah, they might.
Mike Sackton: Wait!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Careful.
Mike Sackton: Fire off their giant lightnings, because we attacked them right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, where are the teeth relative to the.
Mike Sackton: Along the docks. They're along the river.
Kate Sackton: That was part of the come in from the West through the jungle. Argument is avoiding the teeth.
Eric Rosenbaum: How is this? Is this map oriented correctly.
Eric Rosenbaum: like? Correctly, is it oriented with like north up.
Tim Sackton: I I think it's actually upside down drinkers on the west side of the city of the river.
Tim Sackton: So south is up.
Mike Sackton: Oh, the partial map!
Eric Rosenbaum: I see. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's also that interesting blank space on the map.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna try and scry the doppelgangers while we're flying.
Mike Sackton: I'll start with who has a bad will safe.
Mike Sackton: Which of you has a bad will, safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: You mean.
Tim Sackton: Wisdom.
Mike Sackton: Wisdom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wisdom.
Mike Sackton: Sorry
Eric Rosenbaum: I have plus 0 on that one.
Mike Sackton: Perfect. I'm going to try and scry seekers. Doppelganger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we expect there to be all 4 of them. There.
Mike Sackton: I think Riswyn has one too. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know?
Kate Sackton: Do they reincarnate.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: What your understanding is. They each carry some item.
Mike Sackton: Token right.
Tim Sackton: A token, and in order for them to not reincarnate, they have to be separated from the token before you kill them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: But shouldn't we talk through
Eric Rosenbaum: whatever?
Eric Rosenbaum: So Riswin doesn't necessarily know the story of what
Eric Rosenbaum: we all did
Eric Rosenbaum: in game.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we certainly don't know what happened with Riswin. Well.
Mike Sackton: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are, we.
Mike Sackton: No, we have no idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should talk about that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what did happen?
Kate Sackton: Well.
Kate Sackton: you know that
Kate Sackton: we had word that
Kate Sackton: Big Me had shown up and decided to motivate most of the dwarves to go.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Very dangerous.
Kate Sackton: so
Kate Sackton: When we got home
Kate Sackton: we followed the path that they had
Kate Sackton: sit out on
Kate Sackton: and caught up with some stragglers and
Kate Sackton: due to my.
Kate Sackton: you know.
Kate Sackton: ongoing connection to the gods, I was able to
Kate Sackton: sort of verify that I was the real risk when
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: convince them to
Kate Sackton: help us start a sort of whisper campaign that sort of cascaded through the whole
Kate Sackton: group of dwarves that were on this
Kate Sackton: mission.
Kate Sackton: And so with the.
Kate Sackton: With subterfuge and and divine intervention, we were able to convince a fair portion of the dwarves to
Kate Sackton: pretend to keep going along with this, but actually to know that
Kate Sackton: They were not
Kate Sackton: going the right way.
Kate Sackton: Overall, which became
Kate Sackton: very apparent when we met this
Kate Sackton: terrifying
Kate Sackton: void spider of the dark. I don't know
Kate Sackton: exactly
Kate Sackton: what sort of nightmare this thing came out of, but it
Kate Sackton: was definitely what my doppelganger was trying to lead them towards and
Kate Sackton: expectation of everyone being destroyed but
Kate Sackton: because we were aware, and because I was there.
Kate Sackton: we battled both that and my doppelganger and
Kate Sackton: overcame them, so that the majority of the dwarves
Kate Sackton: came back out of that situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: And did you destroy the doppelganger? Riswin.
Kate Sackton: Did, but I don't think that
Kate Sackton: Catherine and I were able to
Kate Sackton: identify its object and keep it from.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: No, that was too late.
Kate Sackton: Danced.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we know about these objects?
Tim Sackton: So I think at 1 point you did some arcana ing, and
Tim Sackton: figure they must be. They would presumably be something worn by these creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: -
Tim Sackton: Probably
Tim Sackton: they'd be. I mean, they'd be magical. They'd be
Tim Sackton: like you think you'd recognize one if you saw it.
Tim Sackton: You don't. I mean, you don't have any idea what they might
Tim Sackton: look like. But
Tim Sackton: from the
Tim Sackton: the wasn't there a mirror vision?
Tim Sackton: You used it. You had a mirror vision of
Tim Sackton: seekers, doppelganger being created by.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right, and I think the intention was you were supposed to.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if I actually put it in the mirror vision. But
Tim Sackton: Well, anyway, you would have seen in the Mirror vision, even if it doesn't say so in the text you would have seen
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: What the token that
Tim Sackton: a Polyon gave what gave the secret doppelganger, but presumably.
Mike Sackton: Right? Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Stop a gamer
Tim Sackton: and seeker realized what it was, what that meant
Tim Sackton: with some good archoning.
Tim Sackton: But the idea is, you would have to
Tim Sackton: remove that from
Tim Sackton: the doppelganger before you reduce it to 0 head points. Otherwise it will just reincarnate.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta figure that part out.
Kate Sackton: Well, how long again, with the
Kate Sackton: how long does it take to reincarnate
Kate Sackton: thing like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: If their polyon, if their Maker is
Kate Sackton: gone.
Kate Sackton: would they come back the next day.
Tim Sackton: That you don't know
Tim Sackton: but they were made in Apollyon's prison.
Tim Sackton: so if they reappear in Napoleon's prison, then you might be stuck
Tim Sackton: fighting them, and a polyon at the same time
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: That would be bad. Let's not do that.
Kate Sackton: But
Kate Sackton: do they come out of the Polyons prison more easily than he does?
Mike Sackton: Presumably because they have done so
Mike Sackton: right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: That's what I mean. That's my point is that
Kate Sackton: they would
Kate Sackton: tend to leave that space pretty fast.
Kate Sackton: Guess, unless they were, I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So at this point it's getting dark. The rains have passed.
Tim Sackton: You're sitting around talking at dinner, as the ship now crosses
Tim Sackton: after sunset from
Tim Sackton: the ocean to the land near the mouth of this giant river, as you begin to travel.
Tim Sackton: following the river, for now
Tim Sackton: inland towards Drankor, probably
Tim Sackton: 12 h away.
Tim Sackton: So you'd if you just kept going, you'd reach there
Tim Sackton: a couple hours after dawn.
Tim Sackton: maybe 8 in the morning.
Tim Sackton: that you still have some time to
Tim Sackton: decide what to do.
Tim Sackton: You'll be
Tim Sackton: 20 miles away
Tim Sackton: at dawn. Sun rises. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't see, I mean, let's just be 20 miles away.
Mike Sackton: That's my view.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does anybody disagree?
Kate Sackton: Are we visible from 20 miles away.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we could get to 16.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 1 less double.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that would. That would take 16 would take an extra
Tim Sackton: 24 min. That's not that long.
Tim Sackton: so you rest
Tim Sackton: for the night, as the ship continues to travel
Tim Sackton: in a straight path over the jungles
Tim Sackton: towards the city of Drinkor.
Tim Sackton: You, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Wait! If we're going to do the simulacrum thing, we need to do it now. I think.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's true. We need to have done that. We need to do that during our night, Derek, because it takes you 12.
Tim Sackton: Do you have something? Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: I have one potion of
Eric Rosenbaum: whatever it's called.
Mike Sackton: Right. We never used it.
Tim Sackton: You never used it before, but we all.
Mike Sackton: Have 9 days. Oh, no, we could do this again. We have 9 days until a polyon awakens. Is our plan to when we show up in drink, or immediately go after the doppelgangers, and so we want us some wacrum to come with us. It'll die.
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: we'll make another simulacrum before we fight. Apollyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably.
Kate Sackton: Probably.
Kate Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Well, in theory, we would have time.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a similar act. I'm gonna be.
Mike Sackton: Good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 1 of the reasons I haven't just gone ahead and done it.
Mike Sackton: I think we were talking about dealt with
Mike Sackton: or Kenzo, but now I'm wondering if maybe Rizwin would be a good swacrum.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's its role? Is it defensive or
Eric Rosenbaum: or offensive?
Mike Sackton: A Rislin simulacrum would be useful for just
Mike Sackton: spamming, healing and status reduction, removal right?
Mike Sackton: Like every turn it could just heal and get rid of
Mike Sackton: things that are negatively affecting us, cancel spells. This one has dispel magic right.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a funny question here like, Imagine the All out fight!
Eric Rosenbaum: What? How do we anticipate
Eric Rosenbaum: us attacking us?
Eric Rosenbaum: We, I mean.
Mike Sackton: We should plan a little bit about what we think we will do.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm saying, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so the the pro risma argument which I like overall, I think, in general.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even against a polyon. Oh, what's going on? We got to drink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The longer the battle goes. I think it favors us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thing right? Because if if we're assuming that our opponent, and even taking a polyon, you know, they can do things like Oh, fuck magically. Now I've got all my hit points back, but it's like they can only do it so many times, right? So it's like there is like a kind of like, you know, you got to use up the legendary resistances. Use up the legendary saves, and at some point like they. It's, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Simulacra also don't regain spell slots at all. So actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: if we can skirmish with them over and over, that softens them.
Mike Sackton: These guys do. The doppelgangers do regain spell slots, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you think they do? Yeah. So the simulacra don't. But these don't. The Apollian dopplers.
Tim Sackton: They?
Tim Sackton: You don't know you've never.
Tim Sackton: They haven't like.
Mike Sackton: The seeker. One cast a bunch of spells.
Tim Sackton: The secret. One cast a bunch of spells, but you have no idea what it was doing before it tried to take over Vendrashana and crash it into the Orcs right.
Mike Sackton: Maybe they don't.
Tim Sackton: Not have spent that many spells.
Mike Sackton: Right. That's true. Maybe they don't get back spell slot.
Tim Sackton: Presumably they recover spell slots when they reincarnate. Well, yeah.
Tim Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Whether they can
Tim Sackton: long rest and get more spell slots back, not.
Mike Sackton: Even
Mike Sackton: even if they
Mike Sackton: can't.
Mike Sackton: even if they can long rest, sending in
Mike Sackton: of right trying to do some.
Mike Sackton: weakening them from range type activities.
Mike Sackton: try and force them to burn some resources might not be crazy.
Mike Sackton: especially if we have items right? Like burn some of our item charges and things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's like, what advantages do we have? That's 1.
Mike Sackton: I mean, our biggest advantage is probably items.
Mike Sackton: Right? Our second biggest advantage is
Mike Sackton: that we have
Mike Sackton: slightly more. We've gained a few levels since they.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right. Our biggest disadvantages. They probably have 2 or 3 times. They probably have a lot more hit points than us.
Mike Sackton: We also know what they can do, but they also know what we can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Right, although.
Eric Rosenbaum: And don't.
Tim Sackton: For example, know what your 8th level spells are, because they don't have your 8th level spells, or like dealt with 3 attack like they don't have 3 attacks, because you've got that right.
Mike Sackton: West, level.
Tim Sackton: Last Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: And do they have like full.
Eric Rosenbaum: like intelligent awareness? Do they think like us.
Tim Sackton: They don't think like you, but they're aware of you, I mean, seeker seeker tried to take over.
Mike Sackton: The ship.
Tim Sackton: And your Sharna.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Tim Sackton: Obviously knew
Tim Sackton: what to do.
Tim Sackton: We'll be, you know, is leading was until he was killed by Kenza, was leading a rebellion against Chardon. Right like they're clearly
Tim Sackton: they're not like.
Mike Sackton: More like evil twins than automatons.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's no way to like
Eric Rosenbaum: easily trick or trap them. Basically is what I was thinking about.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're all pretty dumb. So in theory it shouldn't be that hard to trigger trap them.
Kate Sackton: How many things we just do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Instead of dropping boulders from the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: thousands of pounds of treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just be completely bewildered.
Tim Sackton: Dropped 12,000 rings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gathering them up, trying to identify, to see what's.
Tim Sackton: Just all the all the necklace of fireballs.
Mike Sackton: None of us.
Tim Sackton: On!
Mike Sackton: You know what we're you know what we're pretty weak against invisibility.
Mike Sackton: Do any of us have anything we can do against to get rid of to address invisibility
Mike Sackton: except dealt can cast sickening radiance. But you get a save against that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have the dagger from Ersk, but that which gives sight, I think.
Mike Sackton: But they don't have that. No, I'm saying we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I see what you're saying. Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Also has an item of C invisible.
Mike Sackton: but it's an item.
Mike Sackton: It's not a spell.
Tim Sackton: But you don't. None of you have greater invisibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I had.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Role of sea invisibility. But what does private sanctum do? Again?
Mike Sackton: That makes a secret place where we can talk undisturbed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: We also have a scroll of reverse gravity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right, I forgot about that. That's a good one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should use that against our doppelgangers.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember what reverse gravity does.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess if everybody's flying around it doesn't help.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't do much to people who are flying.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't do much outside. Actually, the main use is inside. You can slam people into the ceiling.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, fly is another area where we're actually kind of weak
Mike Sackton: because most of our fly ability, we we without our items are not gonna be just flying around right. Kenzo can't fly. Welby can't fly. Nobody can fly except via deal with custom to fly stuff right.
Kate Sackton: Which jealous can do.
Mike Sackton: I know, but it takes concentration. So
Mike Sackton: actually getting them getting their dealt with. I mean, that would be an argument for a for a doppelganger dealt with, by the way, would be casting something like.
Mike Sackton: why that we don't
Mike Sackton: needed that
Mike Sackton: dealt with. Prime doesn't concentrate on.
Mike Sackton: So I.
Eric Rosenbaum: People? Does it cover.
Mike Sackton: Why, 3, 3, 2, or 3.
Mike Sackton: But I mean, even if dealt with, even if I don't cast fly right.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo and Welby can fly.
Kate Sackton: Right, right.
Mike Sackton: Right? 4, 5, yeah, 3. Dallas can make 3 people fly right?
Mike Sackton: Also dealt with has more ability to get backs.
Mike Sackton: I can recover spell slots with an item which they can't
Mike Sackton: so dealt with has more.
Mike Sackton: I have more spell swaps than the other dealt with by a fair bit via the item function
Mike Sackton: I mean choosing when we're gonna fight. Them is also a big win, right? Like if we can plan
Mike Sackton: when we're going to attack them.
Mike Sackton: That lets us cast things like
Mike Sackton: there's a whole bunch of spells that we can cast
Mike Sackton: as prep spells that if we know we're going into combat right? And they don't. They can't be maintaining a 10 min. Press Bill constantly right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could they be clairvoyancing or scrying us?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it could.
Tim Sackton: Believe Ragemdro is a Polyon is crying you constantly now right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll spin the top, is it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everybody? Look away.
Tim Sackton: Keep spinning. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we wanna play.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's.
Mike Sackton: Secret from a polyon. That's what private sanctum is for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we just have the one scroll that does that.
Mike Sackton: You can only do it once. I don't know how long it lasts.
Kate Sackton: I've never like
Kate Sackton: set up a secret special room on Vidrasharna. I guess I just haven't had time. I was
Kate Sackton: sanctifying a whole city and stuff like that. But.
Mike Sackton: Isn't that.
Tim Sackton: I haven't really had time.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! Can we get our 15th Level bastion things.
Tim Sackton: After you defeat a Polyon.
Mike Sackton: Well, one of the 15th Level bastion things is a secret sanctum, but.
Tim Sackton: Private sanctum lasts for 24 h.
Mike Sackton: Oh, well, that's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: So it's 1 use, but it lasts for 24 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Mike Sackton: I mean. So they're gonna know where some rock coming. We don't. Well, we don't know how well a pione communicates with his henchmen right like we don't know, can he?
Tim Sackton: You have no idea.
Kate Sackton: See into their brains, or whatever.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he probably communicates with them pretty.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: whatever we some whacrum, they'll
Mike Sackton: no, but we can also use that. We're being scried.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're talking telepathically right now. Obviously.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Used that were being scryed against them right by making all kinds of plans. We're not going to keep
Mike Sackton: potentially
Mike Sackton: right.
Kate Sackton: Like we did in New York City. Sort of
Kate Sackton: how about? How would that go.
Mike Sackton: So I are we approaching drink, or I mean, I I think I'm convinced that there's not really a better strategy than just
Mike Sackton: coming up, coming up with a plan to fight the double gainers and just doing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right? Like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree.
Tim Sackton: So if you're approaching drink, if you're SIM lacking anybody, you got to do that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Over the previous night.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Tim Sackton: And then just wait till it's done.
Tim Sackton: 2016 miles away.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just picturing like.
Mike Sackton: Wait. What happened to my scry of seeker.
Tim Sackton: When are you scrying? Yeah, that it secret failed.
Mike Sackton: That was last night. That was before we even did anything.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: seeker
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Riswin
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo
Tim Sackton: are standing on the docks.
Tim Sackton: Looking sort of
Tim Sackton: glassy eyed a little bit, staring out at the river. You do not see Welby or deal with.
Mike Sackton: How long ago did you kill the doppelganger riswin
Mike Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: 2 days.
Mike Sackton: They're just standing there, I mean, I'll watch for 10 min. Is there anything
Mike Sackton: interesting?
Mike Sackton: Is there any other things moving around that I can see like there's no like zombies crawling up out of the river, or anything. Are there.
Tim Sackton: Not not at the docks. No.
Tim Sackton: yeah, they don't. They don't. I mean, they don't seem to be
Tim Sackton: doing much like they're just kind of standing there like they're not even really talking.
Mike Sackton: The right.
Mike Sackton: half deactivated.
Tim Sackton: They're like, yeah, they're like, half deactivated
Tim Sackton: standby mode.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: so we gotta decide who are some locker. That's step one. And then, yeah, I think
Mike Sackton: again, this is telepathically. I think our best plan is to
Mike Sackton: approach invisibly.
Mike Sackton: We could either we could do.
Mike Sackton: I can make 4 people invisible and then get the spell slot back
Mike Sackton: before we go into combat.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: there's an argument that we do some sort of misdirection. Have somebody fly towards them visible, for example, and the rest of us try and
Mike Sackton: feather fall behind them and invisible or something. And just I mean, even though it's not gonna we're gonna once we attack will become visible.
Mike Sackton: even just getting a
Mike Sackton: little bit of a jump.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1st round. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like
Mike Sackton: try and split them up. I mean, the other thing is like, I think we should like gang up on seeker, and like ideally, we gang up on people right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take seats.
Mike Sackton: Go out first, st take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cancel out. Second.
Mike Sackton: Or something like, take Kenzel out 1st secret
Mike Sackton: probably has the fewest hip. Well, we all about the same, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we bring the ship in low but park like
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know, out of attack range like hundreds of feet.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so that they have to come to us, or we just stop there and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could.
Mike Sackton: We also thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: All fly to us.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could we park 500 feet away? See what happens?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. What do they do?
Mike Sackton: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's the 1st step.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: we have
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker can prepare a ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: a golem.
Eric Rosenbaum: and a simulacrum.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then we just have, like more team members.
Mike Sackton: Can we throw? Can I mean the other seeker can repair a ladder, too.
Mike Sackton: but the latter wouldn't really fight against us right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting. I hadn't thought about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The other seeker can also do animating performance and performance of creation. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, man.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's another strategy here where we throw a bunch of summons and other things at them.
Mike Sackton: and not even be like from far away, and just try and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Delegate.
Mike Sackton: Well, and just do damn right like if they burn some spell slots, and
Mike Sackton: you know what I mean. Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think we're gonna fight them all at the same time.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, they're.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was trying to think of a way to avoid that which is just to like not go right up to the docks, but like I mean.
Mike Sackton: If we could isolate, if we could come up with a strategy to isolate one of them or 2 of them, that would be great cause.
Mike Sackton: the 5 of us against just any 2 of us, we would crush them right
Mike Sackton: right? Can we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we kidnap them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weeks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sneak up there and pull one out.
Eric Rosenbaum: could we.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could empty out our portable hole.
Mike Sackton: invisibly opening the portable hole doesn't break invisibility. It's not an attack or a spell. But if you just literally put the portable hole underneath, somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're trying to fly by.
Tim Sackton: Open it on a clear spot.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: go at full speed on the ship, like at 50 feet above the ground.
Mike Sackton: And just do a strafing run.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's tempting to do something like that and see how they react. Right?
Mike Sackton: Like, what if we just move into Sharna? Just high speed.
Mike Sackton: right? The problem is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speed, now, though.
Mike Sackton: The Towers are probably going to fight back right. My real concern is the Towers.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta we gotta keep away a little bit.
Kate Sackton: So if we attack from
Kate Sackton: part of the city where the towers are not.
Kate Sackton: the towers don't cover the entire city.
Mike Sackton: No, but they're hanging out along the docks, which is right by.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, Peter.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: this is, I mean, naval defense.
Mike Sackton: Think, the.
Kate Sackton: Flies in from the west. What are they going to do? Just be like we're staying by the Towers. Well.
Mike Sackton: That's what I'm wondering. That's the other strategy we could take is Vindisharna flies in from the other side towards the Polyon.
Mike Sackton: Do they come.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Interesting.
Mike Sackton: Or do they just stay by the docks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. They'll probably come toward us.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I don't really want to fight
Kate Sackton: the doppel, the set of 5 doppelgangers all clustered together around under 2 protective towers
Kate Sackton: like that's not this. I would guess.
Mike Sackton: The Towers, aren't
Mike Sackton: it? Doesn't, I mean, from the description in the thing it didn't feel like the towers were like directly under control.
Mike Sackton: They they read more like automated defenses.
Kate Sackton: Right, but.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Indrasharna is sort of thing.
Mike Sackton: It potentially eliminates vignette.
Mike Sackton: I think maybe we maybe the come from the We. We need to provoke a reaction to see what they do that seems like a reasonable 1st step.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what have they been instructed to do? We need to understand that.
Kate Sackton: That's a different plan than sneak up on them.
Kate Sackton: sneak up on them. They would have to
Kate Sackton: like. We lose that option of that plan.
Mike Sackton: Well, if they don't come after us we can always come back around, and they're not gonna be surprised that we're coming to fight them. In general.
Mike Sackton: the invisibility is more about like
Mike Sackton: the exact 10 min that we fight them, not the not the 4 h period that we fight them in right, we can always back off, and then
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could. We could get one of our followers to turn into a silver dragon and
Mike Sackton: do something, too.
Mike Sackton: that might be overkill for this fight, but, like.
Tim Sackton: So it's a possibility.
Mike Sackton: That feels more like in a polyon kind of thing, should we? Well, that might be hard to pull off, actually.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: what
Tim Sackton: for?
Mike Sackton: Decide who we're. So that's the key thing.
Tim Sackton: Who are you still welcoming, and are you any other
Tim Sackton: long duration like 24 h duration spells you want to cast?
Tim Sackton: I don't know if you have any.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just the private sanctuary.
Mike Sackton: Heroes feast. How long does that last.
Kate Sackton: Going to say, is heroes beast going to help us in this situation?
Mike Sackton: Forget what it does, but.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm looking up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like we're going to end up off the ship. It's going to be a messy situation with people flying around.
Mike Sackton: Oh, immunity to the frightened! No, we should totally do it.
Mike Sackton: The creature has a resistance, we should absolutely do a hero's feast.
Mike Sackton: We should absolutely do a hero's feast, because immunity to frightened is amazingly good.
Mike Sackton: because we know that the place is full of people, frightening us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! And the doppelgangers might not be solo. They might have other creatures.
Mike Sackton: Yes, they could right.
Mike Sackton: but that we can do in the I mean we could have a hero's feast for breakfast, a pre-dawn heroes, breakfast feast.
Tim Sackton: Right if you just if you do it at night. Then Rizm gets the spell slot back.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's true!
Kate Sackton: That's what I, yeah.
Mike Sackton: That just means that puts a 24 h clock on us
Mike Sackton: triggering the fight with the double gangers. But that should be okay.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, let's make some decisions and move forward.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you have to keep.
Kate Sackton: Keep that spell slot.
Kate Sackton: or do I have to keep that spell?
Kate Sackton: You know what I mean? Prepared.
Tim Sackton: If you cast it at night, and then
Tim Sackton: wake up in the morning, you can change that.
Kate Sackton: That's that's what I was asking. I hope that was the answer. Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the what are the consequences of similar? Can you do it? Multiple times? Like, basically, we're gonna need to do it again when we actually polyon right? Is there any drawbacks to or.
Tim Sackton: 12 h and 1,500 gold of ruby dust. But you've just.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's assuming you're willing to destroy, you know priceless artifacts from drank, or you've got 10,000 gold worth of rubies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many times can we do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can only have one.
Mike Sackton: Live.
Tim Sackton: Can do it.
Mike Sackton: Thanks.
Tim Sackton: Or
Tim Sackton: 6
Tim Sackton: 6 times, but you can only have one active at once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. How can we have 5 active at once?
Tim Sackton: Because he's not using the slack style.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, he did.
Tim Sackton: Like a 5 year long ritual to create
Tim Sackton: misshapen, unformed bodies. And then.
Tim Sackton: when Fausto somehow did something with the crown of purity to turn you in turn the misshapen bodies into right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ring.
Tim Sackton: Copies of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's only we can only do one at a time. So we just need to think about who's gonna be best for.
Mike Sackton: Gonna be the best for killing ourselves right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is it.
Tim Sackton: It takes 12 h, and and Seeker only has one potion of watchful rest. So after this, anytime you want to do, it involves not long resting
Tim Sackton: or taking
Tim Sackton: 24 h, so you can long last.
Mike Sackton: Could do it from morning to night, and then long rest. That night.
Tim Sackton: Exactly so. It takes a full day. Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: So with well-being
Eric Rosenbaum: he could be a kind of assassin. Try to try to hit them with
Eric Rosenbaum: bow shots at range with Dilwyth. It helps us as an ensemble, so that we're flying more with rizwin. It helps us for
Eric Rosenbaum: a variety of ways, including healing with Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: could just put in a lot of hits like run down and punch everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so one question about the about the other, that people were fighting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do they? Is it like they don't?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they? Are they at full capacity? Is it like same thing as our similac rooms like like after they use spell slots they can't bring. Get them back and stuff.
Mike Sackton: Don't know.
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we don't know.
Mike Sackton: But they're all going to be fresh. We're we're sure that they come back to full after they reincarnate. And all of these guys have died, and they're all hanging around. They all died once, every single one of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we think they have extra hit points right.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Do you think they have extra hit points relative to you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how do we kill them? Kill them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Mike Sackton: We have to take the little item
Mike Sackton: they they have a little item that we have to take off them, which is what powers the rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just one of the nuts.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Each one of them does, yeah. But.
Mike Sackton: Do we have to take it off them before they die, or can we take it off their corpses? Do we know.
Tim Sackton: You don't know. You've never seen one die because.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: This will be one that Kenzo killed, drowned, and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we trick them into the
Eric Rosenbaum: trap mirror?
Eric Rosenbaum: They know about the tragedy.
Tim Sackton: That mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they likely to have like kind of legendary like? Oh, look at me! I got all my hit points back now. Type of things, or do. We just have no idea.
Tim Sackton: They probably don't have legendary resistances.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, they're just us from a few months ago already.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They're just us from either you from a few months.
Tim Sackton: Like, for example, they also have the alert feed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I guess, like intuition.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, Briswin is like, we'll just help prolong the battle for us, and also is also really powerful and can do damage. So it's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of the best, because, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, Kenzo and dealt with, we're we're both just like we. We just can deliver a lot of damage.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know Rosman can do damage, but then also, like can help prolong us.
Mike Sackton: No
Mike Sackton: one argument for dealt with is counterspell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then
Eric Rosenbaum: deal with, dealt with, can counter, counterspell
Eric Rosenbaum: the deal with, dealt with, dealt with counter, counter, counter.
Mike Sackton: Wow, I mean, so the advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just just kidding.
Mike Sackton: If you cast Counterspell right.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: And but only secret dealt secret and dealt with, are the only counterspellers right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So actually because.
Eric Rosenbaum: An extra one.
Mike Sackton: So having an extra one right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Is actually pretty powerful
Mike Sackton: right? Because and it's counter spells that. I mean.
Mike Sackton: if you're
Mike Sackton: if you're casting it under.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doppelganger seeker doesn't have simulacrum right because I got that after.
Tim Sackton: You got that.
Mike Sackton: Although wait, which counterspell rules? Are we using
Mike Sackton: the crappy ones or the good ones.
Tim Sackton: Which are the crappy ones, and which.
Mike Sackton: The the Constitution saving throw one makes counterspelling enemies quite difficult. It also makes counterspelling Pcs quite difficult.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Although I guess not actual, I mean
Mike Sackton: in a way not really in a way actually dealt with, is almost better off with the.
Mike Sackton: It's hard for deal with to make a saving throw against Deliff's counterspell, because it's the DC. 18 con. Save, and you don't get advantage because it's not concentration.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the the.
Mike Sackton: Math is actually a little tricky at high levels at lower levels. The the counterspell with the save is considerably is pretty nerfed, but at higher levels.
Mike Sackton: because you can counter an 8th level spell as easily.
Tim Sackton: The main reason for the counters. The main, I think the main argument for the counterspell
Tim Sackton: forcing a con save is it
Tim Sackton: means that you can. Legendary that monsters with legendary resistances you can't shut down with counterspell right.
Mike Sackton: But so few monsters cast spells. It doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Right. But I'm just saying
Tim Sackton: for a polyon.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Have to use the new version of the counterspell, so you can't just shut down whatever he does with counterspell.
Tim Sackton: You have to drain his legendary resistances before you can keep him from casting spells right?
Tim Sackton: But actually, in general is not.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's
Tim Sackton: a lot of monsters don't cast spells, anyway. Exactly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I actually think the advance, I mean, forget which way it goes, right with
Mike Sackton: an extra dealt with
Mike Sackton: you would
Mike Sackton: counters.
Mike Sackton: that was, or if Riswin well, does Riswin have good con saves.
Tim Sackton: Riswin has the best concise of anybody.
Mike Sackton: Does seeker have good concepts.
Tim Sackton: Speaker has terrible con saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Like plus 2 right.
Tim Sackton: Us, too. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, dealt with is also just plus 2. So actually, a DC, 18,
Mike Sackton: a DC,
Mike Sackton: oh, a DC 19, con. Save
Mike Sackton: at plus 2 means you have to roll 17 or higher. That's
Mike Sackton: hard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right
Mike Sackton: now dealt with can turn around and do the same thing to counterspell. But that's where a second deal with comes in.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, I'm okay. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's yeah. So the 2 things are the flying which it's like, this is going to be chaotic. Everybody's gonna go every direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: More flying is probably better.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then the counterspell thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I still I still think we should try to
Eric Rosenbaum: edge up to the situation and get.
Mike Sackton: I mean a second scatter would be nice, too.
Mike Sackton: That one actually has some pretty good spells.
Mike Sackton: but I would do good. Do dealt with Eriswin right? Like definitely high powered spellcaster.
Mike Sackton: I mean, or I mean.
Mike Sackton: maybe seeker right? You could
Mike Sackton: double.
Tim Sackton: Have 2 speakers, 2 laptops.
Mike Sackton: 2 ladders.
Tim Sackton: Few, content.
Mike Sackton: God.
Tim Sackton: But if you do that one of you has to like study up before the battle, so that seekers turns. Don't take 2530 min.
Mike Sackton: I would. I mean it should be one of the cat, like I think Kenzo and Welby are less.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All good.
Mike Sackton: Valuable as dupes.
Mike Sackton: not saying anything about your strength. So you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I take it only personally.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll we'll we'll we'll Doppelganger, Baxter.
Mike Sackton: I don't know I would do one of. I would just pick secrets your spell pick between Dallas Riswin and yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try. Deal with this time.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
Mike Sackton: Let's do it!
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Tim Sackton: and Rizwan's also cast. Are you casting here.
Mike Sackton: Does this? The Macram doesn't. The Doppelganger
Mike Sackton: slack room doesn't get, does it get items.
Tim Sackton: Does not get items, it doesn't get rests.
Mike Sackton: So we need to. The one downside of it dealt with is we might want to equip it with a few things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! What! What!
Tim Sackton: You can summon a weapon.
Mike Sackton: Just armor
Mike Sackton: wouldn't be crazy.
Tim Sackton: You've got a new. You've got a few plus one shields.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: Like like a random plus one shield, and if we could dig up some, you know.
Mike Sackton: half plate or something like that, that would be helpful, we might not be able to dig up armor as easily.
Mike Sackton: Don't we have a weapons room on the ship, though.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I'm sure you could dig up some.
Kate Sackton: Aren't I always like mending armor as a hobby?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean a breastplate and a plus one shield, and then summon a weapon that would work pretty well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could definitely give up. Dig up some kind of armor.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you've got a smithy.
Tim Sackton: You've gotta. You've just acquired some. You could, you could have
Tim Sackton: armor and a plus one shield for sure.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: So then, then, the only remaining question here
Mike Sackton: is, what kind of
Mike Sackton: what kind of
Mike Sackton: Nonsense are we
Mike Sackton: doing in terms of
Mike Sackton: Are we like approaching this from.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Let me just ask before it. Are you casting heroes? Feast.
Mike Sackton: Tonight, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Tonight won't be here as feast. Whoa!
Tim Sackton: That's an interesting question.
Tim Sackton: Does it? Copy ongoing effects.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would guess. No, but.
Tim Sackton: It uses the
Tim Sackton: game statistics of the original creature at the time of casting.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: no reason why it wouldn't except as a construct is hit points. Maximum is half, and it can't cast some whack them.
Tim Sackton: It can't take short or long rests.
Tim Sackton: so you would, so it would gain here as feast
Tim Sackton: that would not oh.
Mike Sackton: Also, it's gonna take, if you if there's a spare plus one sword that's actually more useful than a packed weapon, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The the fake dealt with can act, weaponize a plus one sword.
Tim Sackton: Yes, there were 6.
Tim Sackton: There were 6 swords in Ragemdras.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so a plus one shield and a plus one sword
Mike Sackton: alright.
Mike Sackton: And then we're approaching.
Tim Sackton: Who else is you get up to? 12 people with heroes? Feast it can't cover your entire crew.
Mike Sackton: Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: 5 of you. You can pick 7 of your crew if you would like to give include anybody.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: that that works.
Kate Sackton: Not count because they.
Mike Sackton: It's duplicating afterwards.
Tim Sackton: It's duplicating after you cast the spell.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Waldrick Kethra. Are any of the others like in the mood to like charge up into.
Mike Sackton: I think the the Orc fighter
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Of them are really in the mood to go into drink order.
Mike Sackton: But no fear. We want everybody who it's mostly about the the immune to fright bit
Mike Sackton: is the main thing we're after.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you've got 2 halflings. You've got the elf
Tim Sackton: to Halfling.
Tim Sackton: I'm just lit. I'm just.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: The 2 Halflings, the Alf
Tim Sackton: Faldrick, Cathra
Tim Sackton: Am. All
Tim Sackton: 2 Orcs.
Tim Sackton: Is that everybody.
Tim Sackton: Who am I forgetting? Amal
Tim Sackton: Kathra Faldrick?
Tim Sackton: 2 arcs.
Tim Sackton: 2 halflings.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah. That's almost everybody. So you could get most of the crew.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, we'll get mo. I mean, yeah, let's do it.
Mike Sackton: And I'm still not.
Kate Sackton: Isn't like the big battle of the momentous
Kate Sackton: biting of the polyons. If the halflings wanted to sort of hide out
Kate Sackton: is the battle of
Kate Sackton: fighting ourselves.
Tim Sackton: You've got 9. You've got 9 crew.
Mike Sackton: The other question would be,
Mike Sackton: are we planning a
Mike Sackton: how are we actually like, are we trying to sneak up? We gotta decide. Are we trying to sneak up, or are we trying to?
Eric Rosenbaum: I vote we like Park at 500 feet.
Mike Sackton: Are we like in a park like 600 500 600 feet away, right? And see what they do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like right down at the water level.
Eric Rosenbaum: hundreds of feet away, so they can't attack us directly. All on the docks make them come to us off of the docks.
Mike Sackton: And see. Just see if they do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and then hit him with icicles.
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean
Kate Sackton: there are there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to be to your point out of range of dimension door, so 600 feet.
Mike Sackton: No, if they, if 2 of them
Mike Sackton: honestly, even if
Mike Sackton: 4 of them dimension doored onto the ship.
Mike Sackton: they got to leave somebody behind.
Mike Sackton: And actually no, no, take it back. Dealt with. Only got dimension door last level, the fake dimension. The other creature the other dealt with shouldn't have dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it'll be only 2 of them.
Mike Sackton: There'll only be 2 of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So right at 500 feet.
Mike Sackton: Right. So like great if Seeker and somebody else wants the dimension door onto the ship, we'll just kill them.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I like the odds of 5 on 2.
Kate Sackton: I mean 6.
Mike Sackton: 6 on 2, they would they? They wouldn't be. I don't think they would be stupid enough to do that right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we bait them into that.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's what I'm wondering is like, can we like baiting would be great, like
Mike Sackton: even 300 feet. I mean, what if we just go within 300 fleet and fling ice at them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why don't we stop at 5?
Eric Rosenbaum: Why don't we stop at 500 feet and see what they do? And then.
Mike Sackton: I mean, my fear is that they're gonna have a way to trigger the lightning bolts from the tower.
Kate Sackton: That's why I'm wondering. Why are we going towards the dock if we're gonna bait them to come to us, anyway? Let's park
Kate Sackton: 500 feet to the west of the side of the city.
Kate Sackton: and they have to come to us outside of the range of the towers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we don't know the range of the Towers. It's probably much further than that.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: But it probably doesn't go across the whole city of Drankor. Necessarily.
Mike Sackton: like the the there's 3 strategies. We should just pick one of them
Mike Sackton: strategy. One is, we come
Mike Sackton: Brisbane's idea. We come from the other side of the city
Mike Sackton: and park outside, drink or or near drink, or like heading towards the Polyons tomb, and like, see? Can they tell where we are? And are they gonna come after us
Mike Sackton: right 2. We do the total stealth thing we've been to Sharna behind, using visibility
Mike Sackton: to try and sneak up on them on the docks and do like a burst attack
Mike Sackton: right or 3. We just park outside the docks and
Mike Sackton: figure. Vindisharna can take a few lightning bolts, and we'll see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm leaning towards actually the 1st one
Eric Rosenbaum: when you put it that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come from the other side. Yeah, that actually seems best.
Eric Rosenbaum: although I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I'm leading to. I like that idea, too. Right? I I think I think we come to drank war from the other side.
Mike Sackton: the opposite side, where they're hanging out. Maybe that's where dealt with, and wait. Who
Mike Sackton: overnight.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we didn't see them all.
Mike Sackton: Do want to try and scry
Mike Sackton: sort of in the pre dawn when we're 16 miles away, and I still have time to do an hour rest before
Mike Sackton: anything right to get all my thoughts back.
Mike Sackton: I want to try and scry
Mike Sackton: bad.
Mike Sackton: Who didn't we see? We didn't see Welby or dealt with Kenza. We dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Well be or or dealt with.
Mike Sackton: How's your wisdom? Safe? Welby?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's pretty good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Both of us are good at hiding. I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we could also just be there and hidden.
Mike Sackton: Correct. Yes.
Mike Sackton: that was wisdom, save is also not terrible.
Tim Sackton: So dealt with is the target of the Samrackham spell. So I'm trying to decide how, if you expend.
Mike Sackton: I would do it after dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I would do it after the simulacrum exists.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Or is the timing tight.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: you'll have plenty. You'll have as much time as you want. I mean.
Tim Sackton: you're not in any rush to hurry into drink or.
Mike Sackton: No sorry it compared to dawn. When is this? I thought we were kicking off this mock room at like 5. It would be ready at pre dawn
Mike Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're like, I mean it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's probably like 7 is about the earliest you could start.
Mike Sackton: I am.
Tim Sackton: A little after dawn, but, like
Tim Sackton: whatever you can take, cast some spells and rest for an hour. It doesn't really.
Mike Sackton: Exactly. Yeah, yeah. I was planning on doing it after, or does it matter what's happening in the 12 h when seekers building the ice? Presumably not.
Tim Sackton: You have to be within 10 feet of seeker. The entire.
Mike Sackton: I know, but I can catch scry, and then take a short rest right.
Tim Sackton: Right. I just don't know what. What does that mean for the slack.
Mike Sackton: Are you saying? At what point does the some lacrums spell slots get set? Is it the time to spellcast? Yeah, it's fine.
Tim Sackton: It's too confusing. I think it's better if you just. It doesn't matter if you take 2 h after.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So so we'll scry. Once this Markham exists.
Mike Sackton: we'll scribe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we assuming I'm using the watchful rest, and for this one is there a way to avoid that.
Tim Sackton: Only, if you take it 24 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I guess Seeker doesn't necessarily need to rest. You presumably rested on the island, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's funny!
Tim Sackton: So you just be out as you'd be out your 7th level slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: If you use the potion, you get your slot back.
Tim Sackton: Basically, you're trading a potion for getting your 7th level slot back.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else can I do with my 7th level slot?
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's your teleport to safety. Slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I need that one.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you could use the name.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: realistically, you're not gonna cast animal shapes.
Mike Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: The 8th level.
Mike Sackton: It had its moment. I'm sure it'll have its moment again. But probably this isn't the time for it to have its moment again right.
Mike Sackton: unless we think that sneaking into drink, or as a bunch of mice or something, is a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're more likely to be in a time, crunch later.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why I'm thinking to save the watchful rest.
Mike Sackton: I see I was thinking of the opposite once the once, the
Mike Sackton: once the doppelgangers are dead. Is there anything in drink? War that we're really worried about. If we just hang out. We have 9 days till the Polyon weeks right?
Mike Sackton: Kenzo is going to be upset if we don't do this on the last possible day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And see what happens. Personally.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like this big scary threat. What's he really gonna do.
Mike Sackton: What's he gonna do? Yeah, let him let him out. See what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just curious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly.
Mike Sackton: I mean. On the other hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wouldn't it be anticlimactic if, like we just it just took, and then we never saw what he was capable of, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who? Who are you looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's a good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So who are we gonna simulac them.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with.
Tim Sackton: No. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anderson. It's definitely dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Alright!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll use the watchful rest.
Mike Sackton: All the decisions are yours tonight, seeker, it's like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. So
Tim Sackton: Reswin casts here as feast on
Tim Sackton: all the crew except the 2 halflings, plus the 5 of you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that sounds about right.
Tim Sackton: you.
Tim Sackton: and then dealt with
Tim Sackton: seeker
Tim Sackton: gathers together a big pile of ice and snow
Tim Sackton: the size of dealt with, and
Tim Sackton: begins casting
Tim Sackton: the Sumrackham spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's literally made from a snowman.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: Kenza Simrackham
Tim Sackton: way in the distance
Tim Sackton: collapses into a pile of snow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, the existing one.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: over the course of 12 h, ending around
Tim Sackton: 7 in the morning.
Tim Sackton: as you wake up
Tim Sackton: and look across
Tim Sackton: The jungle, now about 15 miles from the city of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: A second copy of dealt with leaps up
Tim Sackton: from where
Tim Sackton: pile of ice and snow once was.
Tim Sackton: and you look across the jungle.
Tim Sackton: And you can see the the line of the river now. Winding below you and stretching off to the west.
Tim Sackton: From the
Tim Sackton: From the shores of the river. You can. I mean, this is all like a pretty dense jungle, but you can see
Tim Sackton: bits of the ruined city, poking out. Now, as you're close enough, you can see
Tim Sackton: what you guess must be the tallest of what the
Tim Sackton: report you saw described as the teeth
Tim Sackton: of drankor
Tim Sackton: standing
Tim Sackton: 200 feet tall or more, it's hard to judge, but above the trees.
Tim Sackton: with the crystal dome, and on its
Tim Sackton: top tinted in blue and gold, still
Tim Sackton: standing intact.
Tim Sackton: You can see the line of the docs
Tim Sackton: just in the distance, not the full like the river twists, and you can't see the. You can't see the full extent of the docks, but
Tim Sackton: you can see
Tim Sackton: a part of a clearing where
Tim Sackton: the trees don't approach to the river. And there's this long, wide promenade, this marble road that runs along the edge of the river.
Tim Sackton: still
Tim Sackton: gleaming.
Tim Sackton: seeming as new.
Tim Sackton: Turning your gaze inland. You can see
Tim Sackton: it's mostly trees, but you see.
Tim Sackton: you know the occasional
Tim Sackton: tower or dome
Tim Sackton: poking out from the trees that is still attacked.
Tim Sackton: and one
Tim Sackton: much
Tim Sackton: bigger than any
Tim Sackton: temple you've seen before.
Tim Sackton: you know. It's sort of like the the dome of the Duomo, but even bigger than that standing and stretching still intact.
Tim Sackton: The tree is clear around it.
Tim Sackton: This must be the dome of the Temple of the 8 Divines, that
Tim Sackton: where rye wise.
Tim Sackton: and you can see
Tim Sackton: just in a few places through the trees. This
Tim Sackton: road that leads from the docks
Tim Sackton: inland to this great plaza.
Tim Sackton: huge open space that
Tim Sackton: where no trees grow which you can. Still, you can see from your perspective here.
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: half a mile inland. It's a fairly compact city.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: this grand open plaza with
Tim Sackton: you can't really see the details at this distance. Right? You just see this open space.
Tim Sackton: and you see.
Tim Sackton: in places you don't. You don't see any, you know whatever was described as this
Tim Sackton: grand tomb, at least at least not from here. But there is a a.
Tim Sackton: There's the plaza, and then there's a bit of a rise of the land, and then there's
Tim Sackton: more of the city behind this sort of
Tim Sackton: rise of the land, perhaps, and you do. You do see
Tim Sackton: places where there are
Tim Sackton: like? There's mists hanging around the trees
Tim Sackton: sitting on the water are tinged
Tim Sackton: reddish in places. Some of this is probably just the dawn
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: jungle.
Tim Sackton: but clearly there's also
Tim Sackton: lingering patches of this sort of plague echoes that you
Tim Sackton: saw and avoided and heard about from the dragonettes on the circular island, but seemed to also
Tim Sackton: spread throughout this ruined city.
Tim Sackton: So you are now.
Tim Sackton: as dawn breaks
Tim Sackton: about 15 miles away.
Tim Sackton: almost directly due south
Tim Sackton: above the river, probably visible if anybody's watching.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: what do you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do the boosted clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: You can.
Mike Sackton: Is that gonna prevent you from boosting anything else for the rest of the day? I mean, that might be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd have one charge remaining.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: what
Eric Rosenbaum: you use, Gry, before right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I was gonna scry. Wait, did you? I was gonna scry well, be, or deliff
Mike Sackton: while being dealt with are the ones we couldn't see right. I'm gonna describe dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: DC. 19, plus 5, wisdom safe. So.
Tim Sackton: Let me roll!
Mike Sackton: Decent chance, 14 or above makes it but 13 or below, not so much.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
Tim Sackton: It's come here.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: I must have your character sheet somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Plus 5. Wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Fails
Tim Sackton: dealt with is
Tim Sackton: sitting
Tim Sackton: in what looks like a open room.
Tim Sackton: Blue and gold light shining down
Tim Sackton: through
Tim Sackton: a tinted glass ceiling.
Tim Sackton: Looking out at the river.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's on the top of one of the teeth.
Tim Sackton: Also just kind of
Tim Sackton: sitting, although there's a a number of like
Tim Sackton: strange arcane.
Tim Sackton: There's like 6 circles that all are like
Tim Sackton: sort of Runic
Tim Sackton: mad, obviously magic
Tim Sackton: all around him. And he's sitting in the middle of these 6 circles
Tim Sackton: just again, kind of semi shut down, but
Tim Sackton: actually looking sort of
Tim Sackton: vaguely in your direction, like looking south down the river.
Mike Sackton: Can I tell what the circles do like? Do they have any meaningful words or.
Tim Sackton: There's there's nothing getting. These are obviously like some
Tim Sackton: buttons to control buttons or something.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Got it?
Tim Sackton: They're like little he's sitting in the middle. He's like 6 little.
Mike Sackton: High up is that.
Tim Sackton: It's about 200 feet.
Mike Sackton: Man. It's awfully tempting to just have 4 of us dimension door right there and just kill him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's worth thinking. That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we also took the ship directly above.
Eric Rosenbaum: like 1,000 feet up, and just drop rocks on it to smash everything apart first.st
Mike Sackton: I mean. I don't know what the range of the
Mike Sackton: I don't know what the range of the
Mike Sackton: wasty things is, but it's awfully tempting.
Mike Sackton: It's awfully tempting to come in
Mike Sackton: when we're 500 feet away.
Mike Sackton: Dimension door to the top of the tower. Only 4 of us can come. Some somebody has to fly right? So only 4 of us can actually go.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Some lack of dealt with could cast a dimension door. But that's using a spell slide. He'll never get back right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: But actually, if some acrum dealt with cast a spell slot, all 6 of us could just appear in the tower
Mike Sackton: surround, dealt with, we could probably kill him almost instantly, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then briefly.
Eric Rosenbaum: there will be one room containing 3 Delwiths.
Mike Sackton: There would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like. It's literally the spider-man. It's the Spider Man.
Mike Sackton: Spider-man in total.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Mike Sackton: It would
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: It burns a slot, it burns. One of some lack of dealt with. 3 spell slots right.
Mike Sackton: and they.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what he's here for.
Mike Sackton: But that's what he's here for.
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: it's
Mike Sackton: kinda.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the only way this plan go wrong if they're like, where are the other ones?
Tim Sackton: You don't know where Welby is. You think the other 3 are presumably on the docks.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So like it's
Mike Sackton: gonna take them a little bit of time to get up
Mike Sackton: like we should have at least a round with only dealt with, and all 6 of us pounding on him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That feels feels good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, if we can take them out, then we'll have the pure double deal width advantage.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Mike Sackton: Like. I'm trying to think what? Wait, what do we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it like.
Mike Sackton: He could care.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Free spell.
Mike Sackton: Sickening radiance. The room, I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on. And can I can can Kenzo real Kenzo like like, just figure out where everybody is.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, can't you like sense them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can. I can just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: extend my consciousness and and figure out exactly where they are approximately.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes, Kenzo can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A duh.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm just trying
Tim Sackton: cool.
Tim Sackton: Hold on. Let me just double check exactly
Tim Sackton: what Kenzo can do.
Tim Sackton: I think it. I think it's I think it's 1.
Tim Sackton: I think it's either like a general sense, or it's 1 specific.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you could, you could sense for like
Tim Sackton: constructs, or you could be like, where's wealthy?
Tim Sackton: And if you do, where as well be, you could get a precise location. If you do like constructs, you could get a more general sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I do get a general sense of like where they are.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least like, look at the approximate distribution of them, which is kind of what we want to know. Right? If any one of them is hiding, or where you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, he's the only one. You don't know where he is, so.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if I get a approximate, a sense of like we're, we're.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you can definitely do that. You can use your 30 miles. So you're well within range.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I will focus then as well, just to try to get more resolution if I can.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you know, 4 of them are exactly where you expect like, there's 3
Tim Sackton: on the docs, one.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you know, on the top of this
Tim Sackton: this tower
Tim Sackton: Welby, is
Tim Sackton: actually nearby to the other 3.
Tim Sackton: There's a series of like where, you know buildings. There's like marble buildings. There's warehouses, there's
Tim Sackton: you know, there's this long promenade. There's like shops and things. Most of these are ruined.
Tim Sackton: Your sense as well be as hiding
Tim Sackton: in these ruins in a place where he could jump out and ambush somebody who approaches.
Mike Sackton: I really like. I think this
Mike Sackton: let's get dealt with controlling the tower. Shoot. Take a pot shot at Vindar Sharna
Mike Sackton: right? And then just dimension door into the tower top, where he is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it a trap, though?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they doing that?
Mike Sackton: But even if it's a trap
Mike Sackton: I mean dealt with, has he could misty step, but only 30 feet. So what good does that do when he's 200 feet up
Mike Sackton: right. He could do something like cast sickening radiance
Mike Sackton: in the room we're in.
Mike Sackton: and careful. Spell it so he doesn't get hurt.
Mike Sackton: and then all of us start taking sickening radiance damage.
Mike Sackton: But in theory we could try and stop that by counterspelling.
Mike Sackton: Right? That's where the 2 counterspells, comes in, and Seeker has Counterspell too.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's fucking. Do it. Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: It's just right. I think that's the right move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've got an advantage, but but but.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you're currently 15 miles away. So it'll take you.
Tim Sackton: And you know, an hour and a half to fly.
Mike Sackton: So that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Mike Sackton: We can
Mike Sackton: cast
Mike Sackton: any.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast aid
Mike Sackton: before we, and then
Mike Sackton: I'll cast aid.
Mike Sackton: I'll I used one spell slot for scry. I'll use another spell slot for a there's not much to do with the last slot, because I don't think I have anything that lasts long enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I have to decide if I want to do the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think yes.
Mike Sackton: Even I mean our stuff. It's too soon to do hour long stuff.
Tim Sackton: Wait to do anything that's in our stuff, because you're making some big assumptions currently. So I want to just play it out and see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait on them.
Tim Sackton: You. You get within
Tim Sackton: dealt with Cas Aid
Tim Sackton: only dealt with prime casade. You're not using it.
Mike Sackton: Correct. No. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's come up with a.
Tim Sackton: Accident, hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Terminology
Eric Rosenbaum: there's deal with
Eric Rosenbaum: that was.
Mike Sackton: 3 creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bizarre deal with bizarre dealt.
Mike Sackton: Bizarro, Bizarro, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bazaar dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a bad one.
Mike Sackton: Who needs.
Tim Sackton: Is like is the right.
Mike Sackton: Probably Kenzo, Riswin and Delwest need hit points the most.
Tim Sackton: Rizon's got a lot of hip boys.
Mike Sackton: Or seeker?
Mike Sackton: How many.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll be staying on the ship. Obviously so.
Mike Sackton: Well, B. Do you want some hit points? Well, be, you can have some hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure I don't know if I'll be in Malay. But sure, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It never hurts, never hurts.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: so wait. That is.
Tim Sackton: So, Eric.
Tim Sackton: anybody who still is like lingering stuff that you didn't long rest from
Tim Sackton: Colorado. Long rest and then reset. Then do this the thing
Tim Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, oh, oh, I have some spell slots ticked off. I need to rest. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then don't we also get 2D 10 hit points from.
Tim Sackton: You also all get 2D. 10 from aid. So.
Tim Sackton: Kate, do you want to.
Kate Sackton: Grosbeast. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: From here, so he's not in.
Mike Sackton: Those stack right like hit point, Max.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Their hit point. Max, increase.
Mike Sackton: Attempts. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 20 nice?
Kate Sackton: That worked.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: That's all of us right and fake dealt with too.
Tim Sackton: And fake, deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I don't have all my!
Eric Rosenbaum: I think there was a update to my character sheet that we didn't quite finish doing.
Tim Sackton: What don't you have?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I have all my spells.
Tim Sackton: What spells are you missing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The summon, construct one.
Tim Sackton: No, it's there, it's it's 4th Level.
Tim Sackton: I see it on your character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Are you sure you're on the seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: The new seeker, not the old seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I totally forgot about that
Eric Rosenbaum: crap.
Eric Rosenbaum: should we just delete the old one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. Just you can delete the old one.
Tim Sackton: I mean, maybe save a Pdf of it just for posterity's sake, before you delete it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry. So that's 20 extra points.
Mike Sackton: 40.
Tim Sackton: 40 extra if you for well be.
Mike Sackton: Kenza will be dealt with. Get 40 extra. Everybody else gets 20 extra.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: The aid gives you 20, and the heroes feast gives you another 20.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lenny.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'm in better shape.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with short rests
Tim Sackton: as the vendor Sharna creeps closer, traveling up the river.
Tim Sackton: The sky
Tim Sackton: seems to grow a little dim as you approach.
Tim Sackton: When you get about 5 miles out, you begin to fear the feel, this
Tim Sackton: presence, this
Tim Sackton: darkness pressing against you, only the
Tim Sackton: light of the Barzelle keeping you from descending into
Tim Sackton: fear
Tim Sackton: and terror.
Tim Sackton: The 2 halflings who are not the copper harps are like
Tim Sackton: huddled in a corner, like sort of just holding each other, and, you know.
Tim Sackton: telling each other stories as they shiver in fear, while the rest of your crew is
Tim Sackton: at least
Tim Sackton: outwardly unaffected by this
Tim Sackton: sense as you feel like you're pressing forward. I need some darker music here.
Tim Sackton: as you feel like you're pressing forward into against some will that sets a self against your own.
Tim Sackton: You press forward for the next
Tim Sackton: 20 min
Tim Sackton: 2 miles closer, 30 min.
Tim Sackton: It's now maybe 8 30 in the morning.
Tim Sackton: 40, 50 min pass.
Tim Sackton: You're about a mile away from the city when the sky begins to darken again, and you hear a
Tim Sackton: peal of thunder.
Tim Sackton: and there's a bright spot glowing
Tim Sackton: where the tower sets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we put the ice shield up right now?
Tim Sackton: You can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's also no.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're about to hit.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I I think the implication here is that
Mike Sackton: the range of the you said a mile.
Tim Sackton: A mile.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a Maya.
Mike Sackton: The range of the attack is probably about a mile.
Mike Sackton: so we're not going to get within 500 feet for dimension during.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we're not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: Bodrick looks over at Seeker like.
Tim Sackton: do we keep going, boss?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll say.
Eric Rosenbaum: hold up! We're gonna pause here.
Tim Sackton: The ship stops.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the
Eric Rosenbaum: I just don't remember what the ice shield thing is even called. I'm trying to look it up.
Tim Sackton: It's in the. It's in the vendor. Sharna page, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically shield.
Mike Sackton: The Rainbow Bridge. Is that usable right now?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you didn't use it in the tower. I mean, you didn't use it on the.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just Rainbow Bridge to the top of the tower?
Tim Sackton: You. You could only rainbow Bridge
Tim Sackton: outside. You couldn't rainbow Bridge inside.
Tim Sackton: It's a crystal dome.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could probably find a way through.
Mike Sackton: I see so well
Mike Sackton: right! And the Rainbow Bridge is literally a rainbow bridge, so it'll be kind of obvious.
Tim Sackton: It's it would be extremely obvious. Yes.
Mike Sackton: What if we Rainbow bridged somewhere else
Mike Sackton: and didn't actually go on it?
Mike Sackton: What!
Mike Sackton: Send the Rainbow Bridge somewhere
Mike Sackton: into the city.
Mike Sackton: and but then
Mike Sackton: go somewhere else.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: we might need to use it, though we don't waste it.
Mike Sackton: Well, fair.
Mike Sackton: It lasts for 7 days, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we about to get hit by lightning.
Tim Sackton: You're about to get hit by lightning. Yeah, that's what I was.
Tim Sackton: Fondrick's asking what you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Back, back it up a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Puts the ship in reverse, and like
Tim Sackton: weights hovering a little more than a mile from the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could try going a mile directly above the tower and dropping stuff on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, if we miss, we could just drop more things until we hit it.
Tim Sackton: Your ability to
Tim Sackton: accurately
Tim Sackton: hit something a mile below you is gonna be extremely low.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a long drop.
Mike Sackton: And it's not like we have, you know.
Mike Sackton: radar guided bombs, or even aerodynamic rocks. Right? We'd be dropping like.
Kate Sackton: Rock, I.
Mike Sackton: Rock rocks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you animate, object to.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's what we do.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is the boulder ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That was not a mile up, that was from like a few 100 feet up right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: the Rainbow Bridge within a hundred feet lasts.
Mike Sackton: We can recreate it tomorrow. It's not a 7 day thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's just a hundred feet.
Mike Sackton: I mean a hundred miles.
Tim Sackton: Than a hundred miles, so if you put it somewhere in the city, you can do it in the morning.
Tim Sackton: but, like anybody, the the bridge is not protected. Anybody who wants you can climb on the bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we don't want to get like an infestation of skeletons by accident.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: we could send the Rainbow Bridge literally to the front of the
Mike Sackton: our us, and see what they do.
Eric Rosenbaum: To where.
Mike Sackton: Just put it in front of us. Are they? Gonna take the bait and step on the bridge and come after us? Probably not. But, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's funny. Like, put it on down onto the dock. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bye, I like that.
Mike Sackton: It was sold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, we're not getting music.
Tim Sackton: Oh, huh! I wonder what's going on.
Mike Sackton: I mean it could in theory end badly. But
Tim Sackton: Do you hear music now?
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: For some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: Computer audio is being shared.
Tim Sackton: I know it says it's being shared. But
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: what about now?
Tim Sackton: Okay, keep talking. I'll I'll figure it out.
Tim Sackton: Would have.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got rid of the top. Yeah, there it is to the top of the tower. So just to invite Delwith onto our ship.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: the chance of anybody taking the bait is relatively low.
Mike Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: The the biggest use I would see is.
Mike Sackton: I still think there's a huge value. If we could isolate one of our doppelgangers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like
Mike Sackton: that would make a huge even just for 2 turns, like if we could like
Mike Sackton: isolate
Mike Sackton: dealt with for one turn, and like or isolate Welby or somebody for one turn, and just like
Mike Sackton: take them down significantly.
Mike Sackton: That makes a big difference.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The rest of the fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: We put the icicle. Shield up.
Eric Rosenbaum: press forward! We'll get hit by lightning, but it will hit the ice shield.
Eric Rosenbaum: which has a bunch of hit points.
Mike Sackton: That was my plan, one that wait. What happened to Kate's plan? Why aren't we doing that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Play again.
Kate Sackton: Just about that personally
Kate Sackton: like, why are we.
Mike Sackton: Had 3 plans.
Mike Sackton: The one we thought was dumb, which was, Take the lightning hit
Mike Sackton: the one we the other one we thought, which was dumb, which was not likely to work, which was sneak up on them, and the one we all thought was a good idea just come at the city from the other side.
Kate Sackton: And that's what I thought we were doing. Then suddenly, Tim was like, You see, a bright light.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, cause we got all carried away with this idea of dimension dooring to dealt with location.
Mike Sackton: Don't be.
Tim Sackton: I thought you said you were gonna go 500.
Mike Sackton: We did. No, we did, we? We actually did say that. But that was a mistake.
Mike Sackton: I mean, obviously we did it right fine. But that wasn't what we meant to do.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So the ship turns west.
Kate Sackton: And circles the city.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we could do that comedy of errors. But so what.
Tim Sackton: So what?
Mike Sackton: Let's see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're staying at a mile distance from them. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Come the long way around.
Mike Sackton: No, we're gonna come
Mike Sackton: towards. We're heading towards the
Mike Sackton: we're gonna circle back around out like this and come around at the opposite side of the city and just start flying.
Mike Sackton: What happens like when we're
Mike Sackton: a hundred, you know.
Tim Sackton: Sorry from the west, the north, or the north or the east. You're coming at it from the south.
Tim Sackton: You're coming from the west.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: At the west.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So the furthest side from the tower, from the river, the opposite side of the city, from.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's annoying.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But was that.
Mike Sackton: The river.
Tim Sackton: How, or is it the southeast corner of the city.
Mike Sackton: So let's go to the northwest corner.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you fly around.
Tim Sackton: you travel for
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: 20 min or something like that
Tim Sackton: flying through the jungle.
Tim Sackton: You can see below you. Now you're close enough. You can see this grand plaza, I mean, there's still some roads that cut through the trees haven't overgrown the roads. It seems like there was once, I mean there's a grid. And there was all of these big like manors and villas, with courtyards that are all just wracked with trees growing through them.
Tim Sackton: But but some of the roads you can still see, and you can see this great plaza which has at the center of it this huge fountain
Tim Sackton: and like a a
Tim Sackton: gallery of statues around it.
Tim Sackton: many of which are are knocked over, and there's a lot of destruction. But the the fountain itself seems to be still intact, and you begin still coming around to the west.
Tim Sackton: Passing, seeing the the dome of this temple of the 8 divines
Tim Sackton: below you, and there's this like, rise, and you come around as you come to the northeast. You like.
Tim Sackton: Go up over this rise, and you can see the other side of this hill. There's sort of a depression. That's filled with red mist.
Tim Sackton: Standing in the middle of this depression, you see depicted.
Tim Sackton: You see what was depicted in
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: illustrations that
Tim Sackton: Newsguar
Tim Sackton: recovered from
Tim Sackton: the report of the Augiri. This
Tim Sackton: large!
Tim Sackton: And again, you can really only see the top of it around the mist. The mist seems to
Tim Sackton: cover more ground than it did 370 years ago.
Tim Sackton: But sticking out from these red mists, you can see the top of this dome.
Tim Sackton: like like the top of the capital or something like that. It's that kind of like marble column
Tim Sackton: circle around
Tim Sackton: the top. And it's this seems to be
Tim Sackton: the center of the billowing mists, and where this evil will is coming from.
Tim Sackton: slightly isolated from the rest of the city by this like
Tim Sackton: rise of hills that
Tim Sackton: that run sort of northeast southwest.
Tim Sackton: Sorry
Tim Sackton: north.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Northeast, southwest, like from the river.
Tim Sackton: and of course you can see the river around right, like the river runs in a sort of serpentine way
Tim Sackton: like this rise, and then I'm
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: northwest of this rise is is what seems to be Apollyon's tomb and prison.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're flying accidentally right over.
Tim Sackton: Basically directly towards it. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just like try not to be directly above the mist.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Further further back.
Tim Sackton: It's it's low lying right? So the visualization here is that you're looking at
Tim Sackton: a sort of valley in the jungle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And in this valley
Tim Sackton: the bottom of the valley is filled with mist, but you can see the tops of trees
Tim Sackton: swaying slightly in the non-existent breeze
Tim Sackton: sticking out of the mist, and then the top of this building. But you can see sort of shadows. This looks like the
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: the analogy would be like the.
Tim Sackton: you know, like the
Tim Sackton: Valley of Kings, or something. It's like there's a bunch of sort of monuments to to emperors.
Tim Sackton: tombs and things like that running through this valley slightly north
Tim Sackton: west of the city. But the biggest seems to be Apollyons, and the only one that sticks up above the semi opaqueness of the moles.
Tim Sackton: But you're up, you know, 500 feet or something from the ground. You're well above the mist. If you
Tim Sackton: feel like flying over it. We certainly are not obligated to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we've learned our lesson about getting the ship too close to things that we don't understand, so we'll stay a little bit.
Tim Sackton: So this is the far northwest corner of the city. This is the farthest point from the towers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: If you keep going north of this depression you'll come back to the river
Tim Sackton: just from the direct, directly north.
Tim Sackton: There are no that you can see bridges that survive.
Tim Sackton: There must have been bridges during
Tim Sackton: the days of Drankor.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So you're saying the 5 Bizarros are on the other side of the Red mist, and couldn't get to us if they were trying to get to us from here.
Kate Sackton: There's no bridge.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm just saying, if you went all the way around east to the
Tim Sackton: other side of the river from here there's no obvious way to cross the river.
Kate Sackton: Oh, the river.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: the mists are set. The like valley of the mist is separated from the main part of the city by a line of low hills.
Tim Sackton: So you like from here? Well, you're high enough up, you can you? You could, unless you
Tim Sackton: keep going north
Tim Sackton: till you're over the mist. You can still see the city from here.
Tim Sackton: and of course it's all like grown up right? So you can't really see the ground very well, except in these few places where the
Tim Sackton: trees are not
Tim Sackton: growing like the grand plaza, and a couple of patches of roads and things like that.
Kate Sackton: So there's a.
Tim Sackton: Most of the ruins are under the canopy.
Kate Sackton: So there's a route for us to fly
Kate Sackton: where we don't
Kate Sackton: get ourselves in the ship into the mist.
Kate Sackton: Get to like the center of town.
Kate Sackton: but not from the dock sides.
Kate Sackton: so we're still away from the tower.
Tim Sackton: The center of town is like a mile from the tower. Right now you're like west of town.
Tim Sackton: The town itself is only like stretches like a mile and a half from the river to the edge. Well, it's hard to say. I mean it could have.
Tim Sackton: There's no drinkware, doesn't have any walls, or at least none that survive.
Tim Sackton: but all the like big buildings, the like things that stick up from the trees, and the places where the where the like grand plazas, and and such that you can see from the air.
Tim Sackton: seem to end about a mile and a half from the river. So there is a bit of the city where you could land and sort of
Tim Sackton: walk in, but if the range is a mile radius
Tim Sackton: that covers like 3 quarters of the city.
Kate Sackton: But we could be like flying towards a convincing like
Kate Sackton: doppelgangers on the ground, could think that there was a place we were flying to to land.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That's what I think. We're attempting to
Kate Sackton: signal.
Tim Sackton: Stow.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself
Tim Sackton: now, as I think we should probably wrap up shortly.
Tim Sackton: and we need to confirm schedules for upcoming sessions.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: As you find yourself now on the western edge of the city, the
Tim Sackton: red mists in Apollyon's tomb to the northeast.
Tim Sackton: the Grand Plaza and the temple of the divine.
Tim Sackton: the 8 divines
Tim Sackton: to the sort of
Tim Sackton: southeast, and then the expanse of the jungle, broken by these kind of
Tim Sackton: occasional
Tim Sackton: towers and and domes that stick up from the canopies of the trees and small glimpses of the forest.
Tim Sackton: You're about a mile and a half from the tower and the docks.
Tim Sackton: It's up to you where you want to land and what your approach is going to be.
Tim Sackton: Anybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure we kind of ruled out all the options.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: full ice shield full speed around the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ice shield close enough for dimension door, jump onto the tower.
Kate Sackton: Well
Kate Sackton: sit on the ship and wait for them to come to where
Kate Sackton: we are.
Kate Sackton: and then I shield, attack them someplace where there isn't a
Kate Sackton: lightning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Once again, Kate, with the thing that actually makes sense. Yeah, that actually makes sense.
Mike Sackton: Wait. So
Mike Sackton: do we think they're just if we just sit here, they're gonna come after us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have kind of made ourselves known, haven't we?
Mike Sackton: Mean there's.
Kate Sackton: Stalemate if they don't.
Mike Sackton: There's no downside in kind of just waiting. But I think if we okay.
Mike Sackton: maybe we've just lost any chance of surprise. But if we just wait here.
Mike Sackton: We don't want to let them
Mike Sackton: cast all their good prep spells and plan right, and then come after us.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fair point.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I still think there's something to be said for invisibility.
Mike Sackton: There wasn't a very clear path across the
Mike Sackton: city right.
Mike Sackton: because the river.
Tim Sackton: There's not like a clear road that runs all the way across the city. No.
Tim Sackton: there is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get a room.
Tim Sackton: Probably a road that runs to the great plaza from the docks, but the great plaza is less than a mile from the river. So
Tim Sackton: that's risking lightning. If you want.
Mike Sackton: What if we.
Tim Sackton: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: What if we just
Mike Sackton: Rainbow Bridge?
Mike Sackton: I'm just trying to think what
Mike Sackton: I mean. We could. We could
Mike Sackton: we could.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could just like
Mike Sackton: other. I mean, we could just drop out of a thing right
Mike Sackton: and use featherfall or something to land safely.
Kate Sackton: We either have to feather, fall, or fly, or rainbow bridge like
Kate Sackton: we're not gonna rope ladder.
Tim Sackton: Pardon.
Mike Sackton: Could.
Tim Sackton: Far above that
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: 4 of the 6 of us could be invisible
Mike Sackton: for an hour.
Mike Sackton: In theory we could
Mike Sackton: try and
Mike Sackton: split up. We could try to.
Kate Sackton: Deal with Prime, and I could pretend to be looking for the
Kate Sackton: lactory. You're looking for something
Kate Sackton: and youth 4 could be invisible and
Kate Sackton: prepare to jump out and protect us when
Kate Sackton: inevitably
Kate Sackton: the
Kate Sackton: Bozo's attack.
Kate Sackton: There's a.
Mike Sackton: I just think whoever moves 1st has a huge advantage in this combat. We want to pick the timing of the attack, because there's a lot of like.
Mike Sackton: There's a lot of useful things that we can do to prep and then recover resources after we've prepped. If we.
Kate Sackton: Didn't we just do that?
Kate Sackton: So we're spoiling for a fight now.
Mike Sackton: True.
Kate Sackton: We just want to get them out of the range of the.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we think there's a benefit in? I mean, obviously, if they came after us and our and Vintagerna could be within 300 feet raining ice on them. That's a big advantage for us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they're gonna do it.
Kate Sackton: Sort of trying.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that that's your idea. Okay? Maybe we do that. Give up on trying to isolate one of them
Mike Sackton: Rainbow Bridge in an obvious way to somewhere near the great plaza.
Mike Sackton: which is
Mike Sackton: no, that's within a mile right.
Tim Sackton: That's within a mile.
Mike Sackton: Is there any clear spot on the edge of the mile? Sorry is that where you're gonna
Mike Sackton: where's the temple?
Tim Sackton: That's also within a mile.
Tim Sackton: do we? I mean, you could always.
Kate Sackton: A mile, or do we care if the ship is within a mile.
Mike Sackton: Well, if the ship is not within a mile, I mean if we can. If we could have air support, that makes a big difference
Mike Sackton: right.
Kate Sackton: The ship can fire into the area where we are in from outside, where we are.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but that's only if we're just within a if we're close to a mile right? Like it can only fire 300 feet. So that's a pretty small margin of error.
Mike Sackton: Now, we don't know if they come after us. If
Mike Sackton: does somebody have to be controlling the tower.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it looked like that's what dealt with was doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, must be.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: we Rainbow Bridge to the great thing
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we take one of the towers.
Mike Sackton: How would we do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's a bunch of them, aren't there?
Tim Sackton: Well, so far you've seen one
Tim Sackton: there once were a bunch of them, but.
Mike Sackton: How how fast does venture, Sharna, move?
Tim Sackton: 10 miles an hour.
Mike Sackton: But how fast is that in like
Mike Sackton: combat turns.
Tim Sackton: It's pretty fast.
Mike Sackton: Like. What is that in feet? What's 10 miles an hour in feet per second?
Tim Sackton: I'm Googling that right now.
Tim Sackton: It's like 14. It's like almost 15 feet per second.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: It's a move of 9. It's basically a move.
Tim Sackton: It's a move of 90. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So covering.
Mike Sackton: So like
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: we how close I mean, I
Mike Sackton: I like the idea of teleporting to the
Mike Sackton: mean. If we sneak in. They're not going to come after us right?
Mike Sackton: The theory is, how can we get an advantage on
Mike Sackton: one way? We can get an advantage on them
Mike Sackton: would be
Mike Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: get them to come to us.
Mike Sackton: and if dealeth comes, we
Mike Sackton: send. We have Vindisharna try and come and help them from the air right?
Mike Sackton: Because we assume that nobody's controlling the tower.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: If all 5 of them show up and no one's running the tower, then we use our.
Mike Sackton: Jasharna can come in and start trying to attack from the air
Mike Sackton: right as like aerial support. The ice tower does a lot of damage as aerial support.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: The other thing we could do is
Mike Sackton: set a trap
Mike Sackton: like 2 of us, not invisible, 4 of us invisible, and see hope that they
Mike Sackton: try and do a
Mike Sackton: ambush the ambushers, right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, although
Mike Sackton: the other thing we could do is
Mike Sackton: the other way, we could potentially get an advantage on them is to try to attack
Mike Sackton: at an unpredictable time, or from an unpredictable direction, where they're not prepared
Mike Sackton: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the ambush, the ambusher thing. I think that's promising.
Mike Sackton: I mean that combines well with Vinder Sharna. We
Mike Sackton: we Rainbow Bridge to. We do exactly what Kate said.
Mike Sackton: We rainbow Bridge to the
Mike Sackton: to the
Mike Sackton: great plaza or the temple, or something.
Mike Sackton: and have Vidya Sharna get as close as it can without the tower starting to
Mike Sackton: glow right
Mike Sackton: skirt the edge
Mike Sackton: of the range.
Mike Sackton: and then.
Mike Sackton: as soon as we give some sort of signal telepathic signal to Faldrick, it comes charging into Sharna comes flying in.
Mike Sackton: when we come down the Rainbow Bridge.
Mike Sackton: only 2 of us are visible. 4 of us are invisible.
Mike Sackton: and the invisible people
Mike Sackton: plan for an ambush.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarros are all at the docks.
Mike Sackton: The theory is, they'll see the Rainbow Bridge and come after us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But how does that give it us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an advantage on any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: particular? Because we want to divide and conquer ideally right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they want to try to divide and conquer us, probably, but, like.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think the idea would be. We aren't going to successfully divide and conquer, because we don't have a plan for that.
Mike Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just want to propose again that we just put up the ice shield. Go straight at the tower.
Mike Sackton: We take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got bizarro deal with. Yeah, we're gonna we're gonna get one lightning hit on.
Mike Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just hold!
Mike Sackton: It's a mile. The miniature is only 500 feet.
Mike Sackton: How quickly can you cover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we teleport? We have.
Mike Sackton: We have to cover 400 something feet. I mean, we could. Okay, if we want to make the plan work.
Mike Sackton: use the chance weaver's dice to successfully teleport into the top of the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that.
Mike Sackton: 5% chance of succeeding without the chance papers, dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just really want
Eric Rosenbaum: the ship to get hit by lightning with ice. Shield on and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: I mean to be honest. Wait! Oh, by the way, we everybody
Mike Sackton: 3 of us have.
Mike Sackton: How many wait. A bunch of people have heroic inspiration.
Mike Sackton: I need to double check.
Mike Sackton: I forget how many people it is. It's.
Tim Sackton: 3 plus Kenzo automatically has it so.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: But 3, but
Tim Sackton: dealt with prime can also make some food.
Mike Sackton: Oh, perfect! So everybody has heroic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing! But.
Mike Sackton: That gives you a 2 that that actually lets you the chances of a dice you have to use before or after you reboot.
Tim Sackton: Before.
Mike Sackton: But you can roll once, and if you fail, you can use your heroic inspiration to roll again with the chance we first.st
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, interesting!
Tim Sackton: I don't think that's how the Chancery of this dice work.
Tim Sackton: because heroic inspiration is, you have to use the heroic inspiration role.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's not a it's not a
Tim Sackton: the feature explicitly says you have to use the new role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Combine. Those things. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think if you want the divide and conquer plan, just burn your 7th level slot, use teleport and the chance weaver's dice.
Mike Sackton: We will appear in the room with Delwith.
Mike Sackton: and just slaughter him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like that, Bobby?
Mike Sackton: I kind of like it, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I like taking them out solo. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just imagine we just power forward the ship, and it's got the ice.
Mike Sackton: You're you're you're you're
Mike Sackton: vision. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Binding.
Mike Sackton: I understand this, Eric, but your vision of how fast the ship moves, and how long it takes to cover the
Mike Sackton: 404,000 feet that are done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 1,500 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's like, 5 6 min. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: A lot of lightning.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's gonna be like.
Tim Sackton: Might be, if.
Mike Sackton: Teen.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Enlightenment.
Tim Sackton: It'll take.
Mike Sackton: The ship out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also, if the lightning is an ancient automated defense system.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can come back and run the ship through the light.
Mike Sackton: That is true. We will come back seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I actually see what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Happens we can.
Mike Sackton: I actually think what we should do. Get Faldrick. Let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: The main thing I want.
Mike Sackton: Let's send the ship. We'll fly the ship like like we're trying to scout out a path right?
Mike Sackton: And so that you know, we're basically let them see us. Let them notice that where the ship is poking around trying to find a safe place in
Mike Sackton: right. And then, as soon as the lightning dot starts to appear.
Mike Sackton: Have the ship flee and the teleport go off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright! I'm I'm sold on this plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: All we need is Chance weaver's dice to get our one in 4 chance of succeeding up to 100%.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'm I'm not going to regret later on not having the chance.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the.
Tim Sackton: Well, you possibly will, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, of course we will. That's like a that's an incredibly but.
Tim Sackton: Now you have a necklace of fireballs right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, magic items are meant to be used. You know what I mean. It's a great moment for it, like, let's go.
Mike Sackton: Really think the nice thing about teleport. How many people does teleport cover
Mike Sackton: upset.
Eric Rosenbaum: You to say about
Eric Rosenbaum: letters?
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also also, if we take out dual with, we fucking, take over the tower, which also feels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's what I was saying before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Press all those buttons.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I I say, do it right? I mean how we could be invisible if we want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's fucking. Go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm I'm just going to roll so well, I don't need the chance. Weaver step.
Mike Sackton: But you can't. You can't take the risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have to just.
Tim Sackton: Side, before.
Tim Sackton: I mean you could take the risk
Tim Sackton: with inspiration.
Tim Sackton: You've got a.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would fail the teleport and end up like somewhere else in Drankor, surrounded by skeletons or red mist.
Mike Sackton: Now the plan.
Tim Sackton: Forgot about a
Tim Sackton: you've got about a 45% chance of success with heroic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's not great.
Mike Sackton: Dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the chance. Weaver's dice here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, so I just do. We
Mike Sackton: do. We want to be invisible?
Mike Sackton: I don't. Is there any advantage to being invisible?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, because as soon as you start fighting you're not invisible. Right?
Mike Sackton: I'm just trying to think. Is there any other spells that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's the construct.
Mike Sackton: We can bring 8 people.
Eric Rosenbaum: So cast.
Mike Sackton: Ladder and the construct, and they can come with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, definitely, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
Eric Rosenbaum: I might say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the constructs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bell slot, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, maybe.
Mike Sackton: Say man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take out bees. We can move around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say again.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't have to cast it at a high level, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Zaradella, casting it.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I forgot. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean casting it at 8th level against the dragon was very strong, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's not an old spell. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's not an 8th level stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we'll just bring ladder.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Bizarro and Dell, Prime, Right Dell, Prime.
Tim Sackton: No, you bring 8 people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deal with. Prime is on the team now. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we have dealt with Prime.
Tim Sackton: Riswin.
Tim Sackton: while, be
Tim Sackton: seeker Kenzo ladder, you have one more. If you want to bring the construct. If you want to summon a construct too, you would be able to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean you're.
Tim Sackton: Creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we need like
Eric Rosenbaum: 8 on one against dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Wow, presumably.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: But here's the thing I mean. Just think about it this way. There is no way that it won't immediately become the fight against the other 4 of us right.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gonna get here.
Mike Sackton: Although how are they getting up the tower? I don't know
Mike Sackton: right. I mean.
Tim Sackton: How are you getting out of the tower.
Mike Sackton: We haven't figured that out, but we can always dimension door towers. We could dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They can also teleport right because they've got they've got seeker bizarro seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They don't.
Mike Sackton: In.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It'll just teleport right in to the room.
Mike Sackton: Could. Bizarro Seeker could cast teleport to teleport in.
Mike Sackton: But even if they do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fine. We get around.
Mike Sackton: We get around right, and it's going to take. I mean, even if they have telepathy up right.
Mike Sackton: It's not.
Tim Sackton: I mean, one must presume they have telepathy up. That's like the basic default of your strategy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: no, it's a good point. They're gonna teleport in as soon as they make.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, why, to be there.
Mike Sackton: I doubt.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: if we want to take the I could cast another scry.
Mike Sackton: Well, actually, I
Mike Sackton: I can get 2 slots back with an with a 1 min ritual.
Mike Sackton: right? So I could cast 2 spells and then get them back before we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely do that.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the only ones that are going to teleport in, because Welby is someplace, else Welby is like in the ruins. You have to be next to the spellcaster, it has to be seeker plus
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10.
Tim Sackton: So while we would presumably yeah, while we would have to run. Or it's like, not clear exactly what would happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it would. It would just be 3. It'd be riz. It'd be Bizarro Rizwin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: BR. Bk, and B. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Also unless they
Mike Sackton: brought in.
Mike Sackton: unless Bizarro Seeker has an item from the top of the tower, which I guess maybe that's their backup plan that they could all just teleport to the top of the tower, but
Tim Sackton: Yes, there's still a
Tim Sackton: 20 min.
Mike Sackton: 25%. Even if they're very familiar, there's still a 25% chance, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They could fail. So that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's fucking do it.
Tim Sackton: Place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else are we doing here? Let's go. Let's just fucking. Do this shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's kill. Let's kill dull with and call it a night.
Mike Sackton: I think we should call it.
Tim Sackton: No worries.
Mike Sackton: Or we killed that one.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna call it a night before we kill Delhi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After all of that, we can't fucking. Kill them with at least.
Mike Sackton: That's like already.
Tim Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: It's already past midnight. I gotta go to bed.
Tim Sackton: I don't have.
Tim Sackton: I don't. I'm not ready to run the combat.
Tim Sackton: We have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was character, sheet.
Tim Sackton: I do have demos character sheet, but I have to back, level it 2 levels and figure out what he actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: A little complicated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No worries.
Tim Sackton: So let's end there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, as
Tim Sackton: you prepare.
Tim Sackton: seeker gets out, his one remaining die.
Tim Sackton: prepares to teleport
Tim Sackton: to the chamber at the top of the tower, but just.
Mike Sackton: This is the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: If
Eric Rosenbaum: discussion teleporting did persuade me to bring the just some of the contract first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The other thing that we should do is like the ship should sort of fly around and like.
Mike Sackton: I don't want them to
Mike Sackton: anticipate a combat.
Mike Sackton: because the other advantage is, there's a lot like there's a bunch of spells they might cast
Mike Sackton: that we don't want them to have cast in like. We don't want the other seeker to have summoned the latter right, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Zara ladder.
Mike Sackton: Why would he have? He went to someone? It only lasts an hour. He wouldn't have done it, because we're like poking around the other side of the city right like we're not about to be in combat right.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: So okay, I am going to cast
Mike Sackton: gonna cat.
Tim Sackton: Well, you could. Why don't we just do prep spells next.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I'll do it. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: Let's end there.
Tim Sackton: hanging over the city of Drankor, about to teleport into
Tim Sackton: the lightning tower that defends the city from all attacks.
Tim Sackton: or at least one of the defenses that survives
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: completely destroyed by
Tim Sackton: 7 on 8. On one
Tim Sackton: combat
Tim Sackton: bizarre dealt with. We'll do his best to fight back, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excited.
Tim Sackton: Thou?
Tim Sackton: Let's